Jonathan Wagant. He is told at one point
that there's a downed friendly or or
forehand plane. No big deal. After a
combination of driving and trekking,
they encounter a a clearing. There's an
enormous egg-shaped, teardrop-shaped
craft embedded in the cliff face,
and there seemed to be a hatch open with
an arm hanging out with four fingers.
>> It was dripping this syrup like this
liquid. Uh it was everywhere. It was
weird. It was a purplish green color. He
feels like a being is communicating to
him in his mind, telling him not to be
scared, but also asking for help.
>> They were not going to harm me. And that
was basically that everything is going
to be all right. Just help me get just
help us get out of here.
>> There's one common thread I found and
and each of these three people had the
same thing happen that they kind of
answered independently. They're
immediately intercepted by between 8 and
12 operators in all black, no insignia,
no name tags, held at gunpoint. All
three of these men directly after their
encounters were given what they were
told were anthrax vaccine boosters.
>> Anthrax boosters.
>> Yeah. So weird. You are one of the few
people who puts names, dates, programs,
acronyms to the actual UFO legacy
program. You're famous for your
acronyms.
>> KONIS and OKONUIS outside KONIS
Continental United States Intelligence
Surveillance Reconnaissance Platforms
ISR OICI and yes FFRDC federally funded
research and development centers.
>> Wow.
>> Correct. You have somebody like Dick
Cheney maybe at the top
>> and then you have these six different
kind of high up intelligence
organizations
>> stuff
>> and DoD stuff. Okay. So you have DoD
plus intelligence organizations.
>> Do you know the first director of uh OGA
the office of global access? Is that
Doug Wolf?
>> This is Doug Wolf. Do you know Doug
[music] Wolf spent 16 years in the NRO?
He was the executive assistant to the
director of the national reconnaissance
office. He was indeed CIA DS&T deputy
director. He indeed started the OGA and
indeed he was the DDNI ATNF, the deputy
director for national intelligence for
acquisition technology and facilities
has direct oversight over NRO
acquisitions.
>> Crazy.
>> So obviously Bob Lazar, you know, was
briefed on project looking glass. Yeah.
>> Which is like the manipulation of
timelines. You have Tim Taylor. He kind
of thinks of himself as like a
adjustment bureau timeline management
person. This sphere was basically used
to I I guess like uh coagulate time onto
the plank scale. Looking at at time as
as frames of plank scale and combined
with like the many worlds interpretation
of quantum physics to like view parallel
timelines.
>> This episode is sponsored by one of my
favorite services, Incogn. If you think
UFO secrecy is intense, you should see
what data brokers quietly collect on
regular people like you and me every
day. I'm not exaggerating. Every search,
every late night internet binge, every
form you've ever filled out online gets
logged, bundled, and sold. And they just
sit permanently on these sketchy
websites. Most people never see these
profiles on themselves, which often
contain personal information, their
phone number, their email, their family
members. Nobody agreed to have these
profiles made. Most people don't even
know they exist. That's why I use
Incogn. Incognse
data brokers directly and forces your
information to be deleted forever. Not
buried, not opted out, actually removed
permanently. And they don't stop at the
first request. They keep following up
until the deletion is confirmed. They
also added an amazing feature called
custom removals. If you find your
information on some random sketchy
people finder site on one of the dark
corners of the web, you simply paste
that link into your dashboard and
incogn.
Unlimited takedowns, no back and forth.
And just to be clear, this isn't a VPN.
It's not private browsing. Those tools
hide what you do next. Incogn deals with
what's already out there. So, if you
care about privacy and autonomy, which
if you watch this show, I imagine you
do, or just don't want a shadow version
of yourself circulating online, get
Incogn.
Take your personal data back with
Incogn. Use code American Alchemy at
incogn.com/ameanalchemy
for 60% off an annual plan. again
code American Alchemy for a whopping 60%
off today. I'm here with Sammy UAP Gerb
who in my estimation is the most
hardcore UFO researcher today. And I
think in a world where kind of a lot of
people like to talk in these sort of
really vague generalities, it's always
everything is everything. a lot of mushy
brain thinking where A is true and B is
true but somehow A and B are mutually
exclusive nothing really makes sense you
know accept everything kind of
wholeheartedly
>> you are one of the few people who tries
to put names dates programs you know
acronyms to the actual UFO legacy
program you're famous for your acronyms
and you have a real map that you're kind
of uh basically like illustrating
through every single episode of what is
actually happening in the concrete UFO
reverse engineering program. So, I'm
excited to get into all of that with you
today.
>> Well, thanks for having me on, Jesse.
Uh, this is the kind of second big
program we've done and a while ago, I
think it was the beginning of the year,
um, I had a super small channel you had
me on. Um, really brought some exposure
to kind of my platform. So, I'm super
grateful to that. I I appreciate you
kind of taking a chance and having me on
then. We had a great conversation then.
and we'll have an even better
conversation today because uh people
who've watched my channel know that uh
what I like to do is legacy programs.
You know, Chris Ramsey is interested in
the experiencer. You're interested in in
more phys physics-based science. I like
legacy programs. I like acronyms. I like
uh really boring program funding such.
So, I kind of focus on UFO legacy
programs, crash retrieval. uh basically
in a sense programs to uh retrieve,
store, exploit, and derive technologies
of non-human origin. Uh the approach I
like to take is um really trying to iron
out specifics and be as specific as
possible. I've been super interested in
the subject since I was a little kid,
but you know, we talked about this
yesterday. Um it seemed to me and it
just like a lot of people approached
this topic like there was always the
amorphous they of running UFO reverse
engineering programs. the big US
government, the big they. And it wasn't
until David Grush spoke in 2023 that
something clicked in my head and I
thought I can really start attributing
names to these programs, people have
worked in the programs, where these
programs might take place, exact
mechanisms, how these programs might be
funded, exact contractors, exact
institutions that might be working on
them. So, I love hyperspecifics and if
we want to talk hyper specifics today,
we can do just that. Let's do it because
I think a lot of people are probably
extremely confused at the org chart, you
know, of the actual UFO legacy program.
I think the debrief published something
>> uh I want to say at the end of last year
around the White House having to do with
some of these programs. You hear that
the White House sometimes has to do with
some of the programs and then
simultaneously you hear that the
president doesn't have a need to know
and doesn't know anything about the
programs. So you hear these things all
the time that are so handwavy about the
how this stuff works. And I think you're
the only person who's actually mapping
it out. What is the org structure of the
UFO Legacy program?
>> So, I'm trying to map it out. I think at
the end of the day, this is probably
more complicated than any of us can
guess because there's 90 80 90 years at
least of of these programs being spun up
out of the Manhattan Project, out of the
Atomic Energy Commission, out of
probably initially the the executive
branch and the National Security
Council. But the way I really like to
look at UFO legacy programs, programs to
retrieve, store, exploit, and derive
technical vehicles of unknown origin, is
simplistic terms like a pyramid. The
head of the pyramid is uh the puller of
the strings. That's probably a name we
don't know. Or it's probably somebody
like the late Dick Cheney. Um I I think
that that's probably highly accurate. Um
that what did Walter Kern say? That Dave
Grush told him that uh Dick Cheney was
the head of the UFO pyramid for quite a
while. That's highly likely probably
true.
>> The closest person we got that I was
aware of was unfortunately now deceased
Vice President Dick Cheney. Uh Darth
Vader himself. Not shocking that he was
involved in this. And essentially when
he left in 2009, that was the last time
that these activities really had central
leadership.
>> Now below that, there seems to be UFO
Legacy Program administrators.
Now, these administrators are
likely seem to stem from the big six
intelligence agencies, not big five, the
National Security Agency, NSA, uh, DIA,
CIA, NRO, and NGA. Uh, there's not five,
there's six. There's the Nuro, the
National Underwater Reconnaissance
Office, which was established in 1969
and still has not been disclosed to this
day. Um so directorates within those
intelligence agencies for example the
CIA's directorate of science and
technology seems to be a legacy program
administrator and then uh conversely on
the uh same side other side of that coin
uh DoD agencies you know this could be
the Edwards 412 test wing this could be
army test and evaluation command this
could be the office of naval
intelligence the office of naval
research and so those seem to be the UFO
legacy program administrators
now in most of discussion about legacy
programs uh and This is kind of
perpetuated in in most mainstream
discussion of the topic. It's okay. The
United States government, DoD and
intelligence community and then
contractors, you know, the Loheed
Martin, the North of Grumins, the Battel
Memorial Institutes. I think that's
incorrect. And I I think that's very
incorrect. I think there's an
intermediary step between that and this
is below the legacy program admins and
above the defense industrialbased
contractors, the prime contractors. And
that is uh people pro people who watch
my channel will probably laugh at me
saying this because I talk about it
non-stop, but FFRDC, federally funded
research and development centers. These
are governmentowned contractor operated
institutions that are subject matter
experts for all sorts of of programs
that the United States government, DoD,
and IC can't handle themselves. So
FFRDC's examples here would be the MITER
Corporation, uh numerous institutions
run by Battel Memorial Institute, uh
Sandia, Lawrence Liverour, Oak Ridge,
Department of Energy, National Nuclear
Security Administration, National Labs.
Uh the reason why FFRDC's, I think, are
higher on the totem pole, so to speak,
than than contractors is because FFRDC's
are inherently governmentowned,
contractor operated. So these
institutions can serve as subject matter
experts for exotic technology programs
but elements of the department of
defense or intelligence community can
still maintain access control over
materials uh information personnel etc.
So the FFRDC can serve as an R&D expert
and subject matter expert and be a
program admin for the defense
industrial-based contractors. So that's
how the USG United States government and
its elements of legacy programs can
still retain control over these
programs. You know people talk about oh
the programs have run away in in Locky
Martin and Northrup Crumb and I I don't
think that's correct. Uh people will say
that these programs have no oversight.
No, I think there's a very structured
oversight to these programs. It's just
not traditional oversight channels.
>> And then at the bottom of this pyramid
is the defense industrial-based prime
contractors. the Loheed Martins, the
Northup Grummans and what Northrup ate
up uh BDM, TRW, Teladine Ryan,
>> Rathon, um Rathon especially with the US
Army and so forth. The mortar that holds
this pyramid together would be the
defense industrial base and uh funding
mechanisms. This would be stuff like
major range and test facility bases or
MRTFBs, which are basically large DoD
ranges across the continental United
States. Um I believe there are 26 such
agencies. Uh they are spread across the
US Army, US Navy, US Air Force and
Defense Defense Agency. Examples here
include the Nevada Test and Training
Range. Um you know that houses Area 51
that houses allegedly S4 that houses the
Tonapa test range. All sorts of weird
little Sandia run sites. Um the numbered
areas. This includes the Utah test and
training range. um the West Desert Test
Center. Both of those are situated on
Dougway proving ground, Edwards 412 test
wing out of Edwards Air Force Base,
China Lake, uh Puxent River, um and so
forth and funding mechanisms. I think
the best way to look at this is what
David Grush has spoken about. And this
would essentially be misappropriation of
funds, right? um IRAD uh independent
research and development which is a very
creative system that defense
industrialbased contractors can take
upon projects that they consider to be
in the interest of national security and
build the DoD for it.
>> Uh this includes carryover funds which
basically budget left over at the end of
a fiscal year that's not reported that's
then utilized by the agency. [snorts]
And we can talk about this more, but in
1994 1995, the National Reconnaissance
Office, the NRO, which runs America's
spy satellites, IMT and SIGT primarily,
uh, that David Grush worked for, as well
as the NGA, got in busted in huge
trouble. Uh, they underwent a uh, Senate
and GAO audit for enormous uh,
misappropriation of funds, specifically
carryover funds, back in 1994, 1995, uh,
in the realm of $3.2 billion or so. And
remember, the NRO was only declassified
in 1992. This would also be overcharging
of parts. Um, there's a really
interesting example of this back in the
80s and 90s of the Navy. It'd be things
like um it'd be things like ashtrays on
on military planes that were overcharged
by thousands of dollars. Profit margins
of like 60 to 80% on on submarines. Um,
socket wrenches for for fighter jets
priced like 15,000% over what they
should be worth and so forth. And then
finally, uh, you know, if we're if we're
thinking about this pyramid as like the
old Egyptian pyramids, the the pyramids
were once encased in limestone, right?
Um, to protect the pyramids from the
elements and so forth. Well, that
limestone casing for this UFO legacy
program pyramid, this would be program
protection strategies. This would be the
DARPA Defense Advanced Research Project
Agency um security and intelligence
directorate SID
>> which is responsible for program
protection for some of the United States
most classified special access programs.
>> Uh DARPA said this is the boogeyman.
>> This would also be uh Department of
Energy Intelligence, Department of
Energy Office of Intelligence and
Counter Intelligence OICI. And yes, the
DOE has its own intelligence agency. M
this would be blackbudget program
structure like SAPS special access
programs USAPS unacknowledged special
access programs or in the intelligence
community CAPS controlled access program
carve out contracts with defense
industrial prime contractors. Further
examples of program protection strategy
would be complex SCOPS disinformation
disinformation campaigns uh national
security council programs Sean Kirkpatre
Arrow Rick Dodie stuff like that. So in
like a I I think that took like 10
minutes but in a super broad term that
is how I view the structure of legacy
programs a very complex pyramid and
again it's probably far more complex
than than we can even begin to to
understand but that is how I look and
start to break down the structure of the
programs. Well, I think a lot of people
are probably thinking with complexity
you get you end up with leaks and you
end up with like coordination issues.
And I think that speaks to and then you
know my response to that with with a lot
of people is like well there have been a
ton of leads numerous and you have
people like Stephven Greer and in some
ways to me you're like the cooler heir
to Stephven Greer where you're like a a
better place I think for a lot of these
whistleblowers to go um and and get
their stories out and and and I mean
there all this stuff is hidden in plain
sight. Yes. It's all it's all out there.
You know I've broken people on my show.
you've broken a lot of people and uh you
know these aren't just campfire stories
like they they really add up and in
aggregate you have to like slap you know
pretty high confidence level especially
when they all the details totally
comport
>> yeah I mean as far as leaks go there are
there are just numerous including uh
credited and credible individuals you
know we talked about the Edwards 412
test wing back there as a major range
and test facility base kind of like the
mortar that sticks together these legacy
programs well I'm familiar with a Air
Force Lieutenant Colonel out there who
claims to have run a um a program that
was focused on testing alien
reproduction vehicles and derivative
technology. This guy was an electronics
warfare group to test
>> uh group director. He claimed to serve
as the intermediary between um
>> uh test pilots
>> on the ARV and uh contractors and
scientists and so forth.
>> Wow. And this was at Edwards.
>> Yes.
>> 412th test division.
>> 412 test wing. Yeah.
>> Test wing. The Edwards 412 test wing
also operates. They're also the manned
people at Area 51.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. So, the Edwards 412 test wing also
has a big presence at the NTR, Nevada
test and training range and the Tonapa
test range.
>> Wow. And so, and so this this lieutenant
colonel from the Air Force, what is he
saying about like the test? So for for
the audience, you know, if you're not
aware, ARV is alien reproduction
vehicle, which is basically a reverse
engineered UFO, maybe with some, you
know, human tech slapped on to make it
workable.
>> Um, and so what is he saying about these
ARVs? How are they are they similar to
the Mark McCandish story where it looks
like human kind of older tech
retrofitted on super advanced alien tech
or what is it?
>> It seems like a more advanced platform.
This guy has gone pretty quiet because I
think he was was threatened like many
people are in this topic. But his
testimony uh mainly takes place between
2000 1998 when the Nevada Test and
Training Range was renamed from the 98th
Range Wing uh and about 2007208. So
these were many times triangular
airframes uh saucer shaped airframes.
Nothing too specific about that but
>> it's very interesting. the subject of
alien reproduction vehicles, I've
started to transition more to the usage
of the term derivative technology.
>> Uh because I think that ARV isn't the
end all beall of what we're trying to do
with um an exploit from from exotic
non-human technologies.
>> I think I think there are instance in
instances in which even just simple
technologies are are plucked off of
exotic vehicles and tried to be adapted
to, you know, prosaic US airframes.
Yeah, the classic example I like kind of
run into and I go back and forth on it
is like I think Towns and Brown figured
out like you know real anti-gravity or
whatever in the human kind of
terrestrial context with these kind of
capacitor experiments but the thing he
used to love to use was bismouth because
it was a high K dialectric so it created
more thrust and then Gary Nolan from
Jacqu Valet has these magnesium bismouth
parts that he thinks came from Roswell
and so you have what looks what appears
to be something from kind of, you know,
otherworldly or, you know, NHI, you
know, alien provenence
>> um actually helping in like an
anti-gravity experiment that we know was
conducted, you know, in multiple
contexts in the 1950s.
>> So, it's it's really crazy.
>> I think one of the big ones, one of the
biggest sought-after capabilities that
has probably been harnessed is
electrooptic cloaking, signature
management for US airframes. I think to
Dylan Borland and he's talking about the
triangle he saw over Langley. You
remember that he's talking about how in
the exterior of this triangle there
seemed to be this lava-esque flow.
>> The craft itself was this black metallic
flake paint, but on top of the craft was
this gold lava, plasma, some type of
fluid going over and around the craft.
I'm under this for about 2 to 3 minutes.
Um, and then the center light flashes
two to three times. No sound.
immediately shoots up to commercial jet
level minimum in my opinion. Um, and I
immediately feel static electricity all
over my body and then I smell the smell
of after a thunderstorm or lightning
storm. That that really strong summer
thunderstorm smell gets up to flight
level. Um, I'm trying to get my phone
reset and I can only see the center
light at this point. If I didn't
actually see it take off, I would have
thought it was a star. Uh, and it seemed
like the triangle appeared around a
light almost like it was using signature
management capabilities. Now, Dylan
Borland, he said that I I think he
inferred he doesn't think the vehicle
was human, but uh, because of what he he
learned after after having some exposure
into legacy programs. I still maintain
that triangles are likely human
airframes, at least most of them. And
>> electrooptic cloaking is a is a very
sought-after capability. There have been
instances in the early 2000s in which
specifically the army uh was interested
in adapting electrooptic cloaking to
next generation combat vehicle. Think of
an M1 Abrams tank with a cloaking device
on it. But that makes sense, right? Um
>> what makes you think the electrooptic
cloaking came from nonhuman technology.
>> Witness testimony.
>> Interesting.
>> But that that
>> which witness testimony?
>> Um
he he he doesn't want to be spoken
about.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure. But like
can you speak high level to his
>> Yeah, very high level. Somebody somebody
that I would I would trust with my life.
>> Okay.
>> Um but but that makes sense, right? Like
what would be a sought-after capability
if if some of these u UFOs exhibit, you
know, some of the five or six
observables, including low observability
and and some of these employing.
That'd be a very sought-after
capability. I mean, what could be more
valuable than our aerial platforms or
our intelligence surveillance
reconnaissance platforms, ISR airframes
that can literally go invisible and
gather intelligence 100 ft away from
from a target over denied airspace?
>> Well, what does this witness say?
Anything that you can relay as far as
how exactly, you know, NHI derived?
>> Oh, he No, he doesn't know. Okay. there
was just a there's vehicles that
employed cloaking systems that there
were facets of the army that was trying
to adapt this to to US vehicles. So
that's that's kind of one of the reasons
I started to use derivative technology.
I I love the Mark Mandelish story. Uh
which I I I do believe that is a
legitimate story of the the flux liner
and basically a copycat vehicle. Uh
basically the you know the sports model
that Bob talks about being basically an
extraterrestrial vehicle we're trying to
figure out and drive. So I like using
the term extra I mean uh sorry
derivative technology cuz I don't think
in in every single case every single
facet of legacy program is specifically
trying to create ARV or just create
copycat vehicles. I think there are
times where technologies are are bridged
or adapted to to US airframes.
>> And you you think there is a kind of
Majestic 12 equivalent today? So the
Majestic 12 is this you know elite
military intelligence scientific unit
created you know uh under under Truman
and Eisenhower. Do do you think that
that exists today? And do you think like
you mentioned Dick Cheney, so Walter
Kern is actually a buddy of mine and um
and you know also knows David Grush and
he came out and he was like I I expected
the head of the UFO legacy program to be
like a Templar in Europe or something
>> a night of
>> a night of Malta but in fact or Rosaian
whatever but in fact it's it was just
Dick Cheney you know all along is um
>> so like do you think there's a majestic
12? Do you think somebody like a Dick
Cheney is was in the modern-day
equivalent of the Majestic 12?
>> I think Dick Cheney uh absolutely was. I
mean, he's passed now. I think he was
the the head of some facets of UFO
programs for a while.
>> As far as Majestic 12, it's so
complicated with all the documents. I
I'm of the mind a group called MAG 12
did certainly exist.
>> And then with the Majestic documents, I
think there's some legitimate documents,
some passage material documents, and
then some obvious hoaxes.
>> Yep.
>> I'm particularly fond of the Eisenhower
briefing document. um you know the
document that apparently briefed
presidential incumbent Dwight D.
Eisenhower upon the Majestic 12's
creation. There's interesting details
that line up with James V. For Vorestto
meeting with um with President Truman at
the same time that the MJ12 was
allegedly set up. Same with Walter B.
Smith being read into the MJ12 after
James Forestto was thrown out of a naval
hospital window. And apparently Walter
Bean Smith taking his replacement in MAG
12 and actual meetings with Truman on
that exact date as well as the
interplanetary phenomenon unit documents
that were I think released in 1994 1995
to Tim Cooper from uh a pseudonym Thomas
Kwell those are interesting the IPU doc
specifically there the IPU was kind of
discovered through foyer requests in
1986 1987 by researchers such as William
Steinman. Uh according to Foya, IPU, the
interplanetary phenomenon unit was an
in-house army unit [clears throat]
only existing through institutional
memory. Uh there are people like Kevin
Randall that kind of proposed some
debunks like the IPU was like an
internal processing unit for the mail
room of the army. I I
>> do you know who Steinman foyed like
which government agency let out that the
IPU existed?
>> I it was army counter intelligence.
>> Army CIC
>> I mean that's pretty interesting.
They're saying this thing exists, but it
only exists in institutional memory. All
the records were wiped
>> cuz apparently this was held under like
a J2 or something at the time.
>> Interesting.
>> What's interesting, I I kind of recently
went through the IPU docs um
specifically related to Sandia because
we can talk, we should and can talk
specifically probably about what
institutions, what people, what places
are probably engaged in the programs.
But the IPU doc uh the field report or
the IPU report it stated like July 1947
and this basically details allegedly how
the Roswell retrieval incident went
down. And the document talks about a
special engineering detachment as said
sed which was like a Manhattan project
engineering detachment and stuff being
uh sent out to the Roswell wreckage led
by one Colonel Housebrook of the armed
forces special weapons project AFSWP.
um basically to attend to the wreckage
and so forth. The AFSWP is very
interesting. It was it was started one
half by James Forestto and by another
individual. The AFSWP has gone through a
series of evolutions and today is known
as the Defense Threat Reduction Agency
or Ditra. Uh Ditra is what Dylan Borland
had just said on the Weaponized podcast
housed old atomic energy commission
records that stated that UFOs were of
extraterrestrial origin. M
>> um the AFSWP was established in 1947 at
Sandia Base in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
>> Uh right at the same time when Los
Alamos Z division, which was kind of
their weapon ordinance arm, established
operations at Sandia base. So uh Sandia
National Lab, which is a Department of
Energy NSA National Lab, uh can kind of
trace their roots back to Los Alamos C
division at Sandia Base. So it's
interesting that this AFSWP and Sandia
kind of started and evolved around the
same time. So the IPU docs are are a
really interesting thing that I think
deserve a lot of attention from the
Majestic documents.
>> That's fascinating. Doesn't Timothy
Cooper though specifically doubt like
the Majestic [clears throat] 12 stuff
most? Didn't he say like I think these
documents are [__]
>> Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of people do. And
of course, how could you not when you
have guys like Rick Dodie and Bill Moore
kind of involved when at a muon
conference Bill Moore basically says,
"Hey, I I was instructed to to sew
disinformation into the community."
That's why like if you're going to talk
about the majestic documents, it can
never be, hey, this is evidence or or
kind of verification for a claim I'm
exploring or something,
>> it should be the majestic documents
should be used as an auxiliary. If
you're talking about a subject and
already have a strong thesis or strong
argument, be like, "Hey, well, this is
pretty interesting. Uh, these majestic
documents talk about this."
>> Uh, but you can't rely on it too heavy
because who knows there's probably a lot
of passage material like the Psalm 101
that uh Tim Phillips and Arrow have been
using behind the scenes to talk about
Yeah. Yeah. You know that?
>> No, I didn't.
>> Tim Phillips [clears throat] went on the
Event Horizon podcast and talked about
that Arrow found um
>> you tell tell the audience who Tim
Phillips is.
>> Oh, Tim Phillips is the very disgraced
exuty director of Arrow uh after Sean
Kirkpatrick turned coat and ran to
Oakidge National Laboratories or RNL
which is another DOE NSA uh national
laboratory which weirdly deleted his job
posting. Uh uh Tim Phillips took over as
at Arrow started immediately at lashing
out to Dave Grush on LinkedIn. Do you
remember that? And then
>> he was let go from Arrow for being a bit
of a wild card, but he started doing
podcast rounds similar to what Sean
Kirkpatrick did and would tell
specifically like the Event Horizon
podcast during his tenure at Arrow. They
found like this this manual which talks
about like packaging and unpackaging
debris and craft and bodies from an
extraterrestrial vehicle crash and how
this thing was like chalk full of
diagrams and all this stuff and then he
would kind of change his story whether
he was on air or off air details of this
document. Um, of course this is the
Psalm 101 and off air to various people.
Sean Kirkpatrick made similar comments
about about the document. So it's weird
that Arrow specifically is is is pushing
that.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it is weird. But you find
all these sort of crazy connections with
Kirkpatrick and his past and the DOE. Oh
my goodness. It's just kind of crazy.
Okay, so I I want to rehash this for the
audience because we just threw out a lot
of names and acronyms. So, um
>> you have somebody like Dick Cheney maybe
at the top
>> and then you have these six different
kind of high up intelligence
organizations
>> stuff
>> and DoD stuff. Okay. So you have DoD
plus intelligence organizations and then
below that you have the FFRC's and then
below that you have the contractors
>> defense industrial uh base.
>> And so it's like when Jake Barber comes
out and he says I'm the fingertips or
whatever. Like it's because he's working
at you know he says you know you could
pick your two. And I think Danny Sheen
accused him of being at Northrup. So
maybe we go with whatever Sheen says. I
don't know.
>> I'm surprised he said that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Can you say anything about
the companies that you worked for in the
context of these UFO crash retrievals?
>> Um, look, man, if you took two guesses,
you'd get both of them right on the
first try.
>> There you go.
>> Okay. [laughter]
>> Um, but like he's Barber is doing kind
of the the just tip of the spear, you
know, job and he's not given the full
context. And then the FFRDC's have a
little bit more context, some insulation
as far as federal funding. And then
above that, the intelligence
organizations. And then above that, you
have like what cabinet level people like
Dick Cheney. Like do you have a sense of
like who who the equivalent of Dick
Cheney is now?
>> I don't know. But if I had to guess,
it'd be somebody with a naval background
and an intelligence community
background.
>> Interesting.
>> It seems like naval programs have been
tip of the spear for a long time and
deal with a lot of really sensitive
stuff because they also deal with the
subject of USO. Y
>> um and that sort of transmedial
capability to travel underwater
undetected and and their hidden
intelligence agency, the neuro seems
very high priority. So I would imagine
this is somebody with a joint naval and
intelligence community background.
>> Makes sense. Yeah. Harold Malgm kept
emphasizing that the office of naval
intelligence knew way more than meets
the eye.
>> Test details are controlled by naval
intelligence.
>> It's the oldest intelligence agency in
the US in the 1890s. And if that was
like, you know, at his time, you know,
60s and 70s,
>> you would think that there would be this
throughine between then and now,
>> uh, you obviously have, you know, rumors
of Bobby Ray Enman, you know, uh, being
sort of involved, you know, with this
stuff as well. And so, you maybe he
would be somebody at the Cheney level.
Do you uh anticipate that any of the
recovered vehicles would ever be uh
become available for uh technological
research outside of the uh military
circles?
>> Again, I honestly don't know.
>> Uh 10 years ago, the answer would have
been no.
>> Uh whether as time has evolved, they're
beginning to become more open on it is a
possibility. Let's actually go through a
couple of those like below Cheney kind
of at at the tip of the spear for the
administrator level.
>> Yeah.
>> I think a lot of individuals who have
spearheaded or are spearheading or have
highlevel exposure to UFO legacy
programs
>> have extensive backgrounds in the NRO.
>> Uh so I have a couple documents here.
>> Um maybe we can go go through a couple
of these.
>> Let's do it. These are just kind of
people um that I'd love to talk about,
but
>> so for the NRO, you have uh
>> maybe we could start with Bobby Ray
Inman, right?
>> Bobby Ray Inman when he talked spoke to
Bob Echler in 1989 1988, he referred
NASA mission specialist Bob Echler to
Sumar Shapiro, director of naval
intelligence, as well as R. Everett or
R. Evans Heinman. His naming conventions
a little weird. Heinman was the NRO
program B director from 1982 to 1989.
NRO program B was essentially a
consolidation of reconnaissance
activities between the NRO and CIA's
Directorate of Science and Technology
and the ground element of NRO program B
was established at Pineap Australia. I
know Pine Gap is is super spooky, but uh
>> they call it Australia's Area 51.
>> Right. Right. And uh Bobby Ray Enman
basically said, "Hey to Ashley, if you
want to know about crash retrieval
programs and recovered technical
vehicles, go talk to Heinman."
>> Uh other interesting people with high
level connections to the NRO include uh
Donald Kerr. Donald Kerr was mentioned
in uh Oki Shannon's 1985 advanced
theoretical physics working group
documents. This was a physics group held
at uh BDM International in 1985 at their
MLAN facility. Uh super super super
interesting thing that apparently like
John Alexander spoke at Stoublebine was
involved with all this stuff and
>> I'll put
>> Yeah. in Okei Shannon's notes it's like
ask Don Kerr for funding when talking
about like UFO reverse engineering
programs.
>> Whoa.
>> Uh Donald Kerr was of course high level
position in the NRO.
>> He was director of EG&G. M
>> he was director of Los Alamos, director
of sic,
>> deputy director of the CIA's director of
science and technology. So there's this
specific weird there's this really
specific weird um kind of pairing
relationship between the NRO and CIA
DS&T.
>> Yeah.
>> And with that CSI CIA DS&T, uh back in
2003, the CI CIA Directorate of Science
and Technology, which
maybe we'll describe directorates a
little bit. So, I said the NRO had uh
program B at at Pine Gap. Uh early days
of the NRO, it had program A, B, C, and
D. At a time in the '90s or so, this was
reorganized into directorates, just kind
of subgroups under under the NRO, under
the CIA. So, I think a lot of UFO legacy
programs are are stuffed within these
directorates. And to speak about the the
NRO and the CIA's Directorate of Science
and Technology, there's a lot of really
weird um really weird crossovers there.
So I I think it's important to look at
individuals with with connections to
NRO, CIA, DS&T.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh two highle almost cabinet positions
within the United States government and
the MITER Corporation which is an FFRDC.
There's a very tangled web between NRO,
DS&T, MITER. And then two offices within
the United States government I'd like to
talk about a little bit. Uh this would
be the office of the under secretary of
defense for acquisition and sustainment
os.
>> This has previously gone through
numerous naming conventions as the uh
office of the under secretary for
defense for acquisition. Renamed into
the office of the under secretary of
defense for acquisition and technology.
Then renamed to the office of the under
secretary for defense for acquisition
technology and logistics. Finally to its
naming convention today for acquisition
and sustainment. The oustat acquisition
and technology is the office kind of
named in the uh Wilson Davis notes as
holding kind of records to special
carveout holdover programs that housed
kind of direct access to legacy programs
that flag officer Thomas Wilson
allegedly started to look through where
he found the watch committee highle
gatekeepers for UFO legacy programs. One
of the individuals he spoke about who
was kind of director of the oustad at
that time and permanent SAPO special
access program oversight committee
member was uh Mr. Paul Kaminsky.
>> Uh Paul Kaminsky is an individual that I
I I think would be um interesting to
look at a little more in regards to UFO
legacy programs. He was of course in the
oustat and he was of course uh on the
board of trustee for the MITER
corporation now
>> and so that the oustat that's named all
throughout the Wilson Davis notes
>> that is a department of defense position
its counter position in the intelligence
community is called the DDNI ATNF the
deputy director for national
intelligence for acquisition technology
and facilities so the oustat or now
noticed today under secretary of defense
for acquisition and sustainment and this
DD and I are two sides of the same coin.
These two offices according to the GAO,
they um they have oversight over NRO
program acquisitions.
>> Okay,
>> interesting.
>> So
that DDNI ATNF is is rather interesting.
On one hand, you have uh Paul Kaminsky
>> who was oustat and MITER. Mhm.
>> On the other hand, you have somebody
like um Don Meyer right here who is
MITER and DDNI ATNF with a long agency
background, long very weird agency
background.
>> Former deputy director of the CIA for
science and technology and we know a
couple of you know connections there is
Glenn Gaffne obviously director of
science and technology for the CIA.
>> Are any of you willing to name specific
gatekeepers within the root cell of the
UAP SAP Federation?
>> I have a name for you.
>> Go ahead. Glenn Gaffne, CIA.
>> Glen Gaffne, [clears throat] CIA.
>> Now you have all this congressional
testimony that he specifically, you
know, blocked
>> this, uh, you know, moving of exotic,
you know, non-human origin technology
that was under locked, uh, that was
supposed to go to Bigalow Aerospace in
2008. And Glen Gaffne apparently bought
this 2010.
>> Crazy.
>> And you can thank the the
Aerrowistorical Report volume one for
talking that out. 2008 seems there was a
first attempt that was blocked by James
Clapper.
>> The second event was the cone of blue
failed peaceapper profession.
>> So James Clapper blocked the Historical
Report volume one says.
>> Well that's interesting because isn't
James Clapper in the age of disclosure
movie? So what's up with that
side?
>> General Clapper the former DNI in the
documentary. Um I certainly applaud him
for at least speaking out in general. Um
he goes on I believe I've only seen
clips of Age of Disclosure, not the
whole thing. um where there was a
program when he was the director of
national intelligence uh where they were
tracking these vehicles over Area 51 of
course the famed uh classified test
location and I'm a little bit
disappointed as a fellow Air Force
officer and certainly General Clapper ra
rose to the ranks as threear general. Uh
that's all he said in the documentary
that that was a program he was aware of.
Uh in fact uh without being
inappropriate, I will say that General
Clapper was well aware of the crash
retrieval issue, managed the crash
retrieval issue, and when he was the
DNI, USDI, DIA director, he placed
people in critical roles uh to manage
this issue uh both publicly and I'll
just say not uh non-publicly as well.
and I'll allow the audience uh distill
what I'm saying uh at the at the risk of
being inappropriate or going too far
with my uh discussion.
>> The director of national intelligence,
James Clapper, calls me, "Mike, I need
you to go through all of it. I need the
team to go through all of NSA's holding
all of its files, and I need everything
that you have on UFOs." And I'm like,
"What? Sir,
you want me to do a review of our
databases on UFOs?"
>> We interrupt this broadcast for a very
important briefing.
You've been selected purely at random
and definitely not monitored to attend a
routineformational briefing regarding
odd happenings across the globe.
>> There's absolutely nothing unusual about
this.
>> That's right. It's probably nothing.
>> Agents Ramsay and Michaels will embark
on a perfectly ordinary North American
tour to discuss strange sightings,
testimonies, and evidence that will
force the government to say
>> it's probably nothing. Each evening's
sessions will feature expert analysis,
audience interrogation, and at least one
moment where you turn to the person next
[music] to you and whisper, "Well,
rest assured, it's probably nothing."
Should you experience confusion,
excitement, or sudden clarity during the
show, do not worry.
>> It's probably nothing. Whether you're a
believer, a skeptic, or simply dating
one, your attendance is highly
encouraged and statistically safe. So,
if you're in Austin, Texas, or in
Montreal, Canada, go to its Probably.com
to secure your seats today. And
remember, crash saucers, mysterious
abductions, nuclear flyovers,
it's probably nothing.
>> Hey guys, Jesse here from American
Alchemy,
>> Chris Ramsey here from Area 52. We're so
excited to come hang out with all of you
in Austin and Montreal.
>> For now, we've only got these two cities
locked in, but hopefully we're going to
open up a bunch more in the [music]
coming weeks.
>> And VIP seats in Austin are already sold
out, but there are still seats left in
both cities.
>> We've got some insane guests lined up
for these theaters and cannot wait to
see all of you.
>> Go to it's probably nothing.com to get
your [music] tickets today. And
remember, if you've ever experienced
something completely impossible,
>> it's probably nothing.
>> If you see, the CIA DS&T, uh, according
to Kona Blue, has had direct involvement
in blocking UFO legacy programs.
>> Uh,
>> recall the the excellent reporting of
Christopher Sharp, a UK journalist. He
broke a great story about the CIA's
office of global access which was
created under the DS&T in the year 2003
>> uh that is basically tasked with a
foreign UFO crash retrievals. This is a
logistics agency. This is a combat
support agency. So,
>> you know, let's just say in Honduras an
eggshaped craft goes down. the CIA OGA
would be responsible for getting u you
know JOC tier one adjacent assets and
probably the department of energy
nuclear emergency support team and other
assets down to retrieve the craft.
>> Do you know the first director of uh OGA
the office of global access?
>> Doug Wolf.
>> This is Doug Wolf.
>> Do you know Doug Wolf additionally spent
16 years in the NRO executive he was the
executive assistant to the director of
the National Reconnaissance Office. He
was indeed CIA DS&T deputy director. He
indeed started the OGA and indeed he was
the DDNI ATNF, the deputy director for
National Intelligence for Acquisition
Technology and Facilities has direct
oversight over NRO acquisitions.
>> Crazy.
>> Uh there's there's there's a ton of
people like that. There's an individual
named Mark Moahan. If you if you find
him on LinkedIn, he's total spook of
spooks. This guy uh DDNI, ATNF, this guy
CIA, OGA, CI CIA, DS&T, NRO. So there
seems to be this really interesting
relationship with people who have been
labeled as UFO Legacy Program
gatekeepers and one of those gatekeeping
offices, the DS&T and the NRO. It seems
like this revolving door old boys club
where you go from
>> the DS&T of the CIA to you know MITER
Corporation or you you know some other
fedally funded research and development.
You go to Rand or whatever you go to the
NRO or you know
>> I can't stress this enough about the
importance of MITER.
>> Yeah. Yeah. the DOE national labs you
know Sandia Oak Ridge Lawrence Livermore
Los Alamos those are critical but the
importance of MITER MITER is the most
overlooked entity in all of this subject
>> why do you think that is
>> because they deal with naval programs
>> interesting
>> subject of USO
>> and what's their role with respect to
the Navy is it like tech protection or
is it
>> probably everything
>> UFO related stuff or
>> I induce industrial security to uh SAP
management to
>> monitor monitoring large craft under the
water to material exploitation to
briefing
>> oversight channels that exist um
>> to doing all sorts of stuff. The the the
MITER pipeline of people who have worked
for MITER as you can see Paul Kaminsky
uh Don Meer's
Donald Kerr numerous people who have
allegedly been associated with UFO
legacy programs end up at MITER.
>> Well, it's funny. I know them in the
context of like holding these
anti-gravity conferences and like I
think Ning Lee spoke at one in the early
2000s. She was this famous Chinese
American, you know, anti-gravity
researcher at University of Alabama
Huntsville. She claimed to make all
these breakthroughs in like weight
reduction above superconductor. Yeah.
Amazing. And um or I think it's weight
reduction which is a little distinct
from mass reduction. Yeah.
>> Um but but yeah, same sort of
ridiculously crazy concept if you can do
it, you know, and and um and she's
saying all this stuff about gravitons
and you know, sort of these, you know,
you uh alternating current rotating
superconductors. She's saying she wants
to create free energy for the world.
She's citing how put off and talking
about electrically polarizable vacuums
and stuff.
>> And then she gets a contract, I believe,
with the army. She gets a security
clearance and then nobody ever really
hears from her again. She gets hit by a
car. It's sort of really weird. But she
was seen last publicly speaking at this
MITER uh corporation conference about
anti-gravity. Yeah, I I admit her and I
did sit down and I interviewed her and
this was at a conference in 2003 just
outside of Washington DC uh run by the
or overseen by the MITER Corporation and
it was looking at I think high frequency
gravitational waves and um you know she
she was an interesting character because
she had been involved in some of those
NASA uh experiments I mentioned earlier
about um rotating superconductors and
weight loss experiments and um she she
chaired one of the sessions. I talked to
her afterwards about it all. She had
this view that this was science and
technology that should be for the
people. It should be you know very um uh
philanthropic in its you know nature and
outcomes. And then I don't know sort of
how soon after that it was that she sort
of went off grid. Certainly probably
about within within a year that she just
disappeared and no one knew what had
happened to her.
>> That's like just recently there was a a
slide deck not really leaked but kind of
rediscovered about Eric Davis doing a
teleportation study for the MITER
Corporation back to 2019. M. And so when
cuz you have people online like Ashton
Forbes who like talk a lot about
teleportation like he's really sure that
like you could teleport like a a macro
scale human being or something. When
I've spoken to Eric Davis, he seems to
be, you know, like talking about like
quantum teleportation, saying like
that's already established science and,
>> you know, that sounds insane because the
word teleportation is in it, but like is
that necessarily
>> involved in like UFO tech or is it
>> I don't know. I the so much of the
science and physics is so far beyond me.
>> Me too.
>> I [laughter] as boring as it sounds, I
like the money. I like the the program
names. I like the offices cuz cuz while
we're while we're speaking about um kind
of these these administrators NRO uh CIA
DS&T and kind of their string pullers
and the DDNI ATNF and alstat are now uh
O USDS you talked about Kona Blue which
was the failed prospective special
access program that occurred in in 2010
and we can actually thank Arrow for
releasing that slide deck. Weirdly
enough, this was to be a um DHS
sponsored uh USAP, unacknowledged
special access program for Loheed Martin
to dulge some craft materials to the
OSAP program and and Biglo advanced
aerospace space studies bass. Uh and
these materials were supposed to be bits
and pieces of craft uh craft hall, craft
bulkhead. I I myself have heard this
involved the Kingman wreckage from the
1953 Kingman Arizona crash and that uh
Loheed Martin vice president Jim's Jim
Ryder James Ryder was the one who who
wanted to get rid of these the materials
for for who knows
>> and conventionally U Glen Gaffne CIA
DS&T deputy director was the one who put
the kibos and killed this. Um our mutual
friend Rob Jones has done some amazing
work. He also offers in the name Robert
Cardio who is actually DDNI and head of
the NGA, the National Geospatial
Intelligence Agency.
>> And while I think uh Robert Cardillo was
absolutely involved and people should go
look up Robert Cardio if they're
unfamiliar with him, I I think this was
a DS&T operation specifically Glenn
Gaffne to uh put the gibbos on this. So
in my Loheed project while looking into
Kona Blue I kind of came across that
there may have been a conflict of
interest within Loheed Martin maybe an
insider in Loheed who helped put the
kibos on the program this is an
individual and I'll pass you this in a
second named Mary K Sturivant this is a
name that it was never really floated
around I made a tweet about this begging
Chris Melon to give some information on
her to which he has declined in both uh
a public outreach on Twitter and private
messages. I I have not heard from him.
>> What did he say?
>> Oh, no. Just nothing.
>> Oh, nothing. Okay. No respons.
>> So, Sturivant here has a really weird
history. She worked at the BDM
Corporation. In 1985, she joined the
agency. When I say agency, I mean CIA
for counter intelligence, tech
protection, all that stuff. Um, she kind
of went she
worked in joint CIA director of
operations and CIA director of science
and technology programs. She was a very
high level deputy director position in
the NRO. Uh and then in in in two she
also served on the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence where she and
Chris Melon actually worked together for
numerous years. Not only did they work
together, but they they attended many of
the same meetings. Not only did they
attend many of the same meetings, but
over certain periods and quarters, they
have the exact same PDM,
>> which implies that they traveled
together, they ate together, they
attended the same meetings together on
the same cars, the same craft. So I
would wager these two have a very uh
they they know each other quite well.
She was also served as a special adviser
to the president under George W. Bush.
And in 2006 she joined Loheed Martin as
the vice president for government
affairs from 2006 to 2021 as well as VP
for intelligence joint and science and
technology programs. So I think there
may have been a conflict of interest
here within Loheed Martin. Once you're
agency, you're agency for life, right?
If if you're in the CIA, you're never
out of the CIA. especially the director
of science and technology. So I think
there's a very strong argument that can
be made that um due to her obligations
and allegiance to the CIA DS&T she had
to help put the kibos on this technology
transfer and also
>> but you think of if she knew Melon I
mean you think of Melon also is very pro
you know kind of UFO stuff at least now
>> what I would say to Christopher Melon if
he's watching this because I've asked
him numerous times ask her again Mr.
Melon because I'm sure this time she'll
remember.
>> Okay. Yeah. There you go.
>> I'm sure this time she'll remember.
>> Yeah.
>> And here is Mary Stavant.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. [gasps]
>> It's so interesting. I mean, you you
often do see people kind of playing both
sides of the issue as well. Yeah.
>> Like um
>> you hear about, you know, Mike Turner
who put the kaibos on, you know, this
last or UAPDA, not not this last one,
but the one before it fiscal year 2024,
I believe.
>> That's right. And you know you you hear
that like you know the people you know
the largest donors to his campaign are
like you know Rathon Locked Boeing
whatever
>> but then simultaneously you have Loheed
clearly trying to get a bunch of
information out through efforts like you
know you know they spent a lot of time
with Tom Dong and TTSA and that sort of
thing secret machines and so
>> it seems like they do want some
disclosure to occur obviously when it
comes to eminent domain clauses in the
UAPDA that involve taking their material
and, you know, making it kind of, you
know, congressional civilian oversight.
Uh, you know, uh, uh, you know, they're
they're obviously not going to be happy
about that. But it is interesting how
they're trying to sort of manage the
process.
>> Yeah, it seems like there's numerous
factions competing for disclosure. One
of the most obvious factions is TTSA,
which involves the whole off crew, Eric
Davis, Halputoff, uh, Lou Alzando, uh,
Chris Melon, all these guys. um their
carefully managed disclosure seems to be
about the revelations of the existence
of non-human intelligence and technical
vehicles and that there's programs to
recover these but no discussion of
derivation of technologies possibly for
national security concerns or whatever
they want to say. Uh and they really
like to pose the whole NHI or super
national security threat narrative. The
whole TTSA saga is very weird. It seems
like in in 2011 Tom Dong was plucked. M
>> uh this could have been an old bass big
advanced aerospace space studies
project. Um, you know, they had some of
their their documents under OAP kind of
not leaked but discovered and there was
discussion of a project forum
>> within those which was to basically in
California take you know celebrities,
media personalities, popular people to
start talking about the UFO subject and
I think that likely Tom Delong and TTSA
was a holdover project forum spearheaded
by Lou Alzando under direction of
something like the National Security
Council to bring forth limited
disclosures. TTSA is wacky when you look
at it. You know, Tom Dong had numerous
numerous highle advisers, whether it was
somebody like Lou Alzando, a whole
history in counter intelligence. Um,
guys like Steve Justice from Loheed
Martin, highle air force generals. And
these guys were saying, "Hey, you know,
all these all these technologies are
locked up in black budgets, but we're
going to we don't really know how to do
it, but we're going to try and make our
own like light craft. We're going to try
and make our own ARVs and all that." So
it just seems almost like a
bastardization of what legacy programs
had doing like an like all these guys
Steve Justice who had worked in programs
or been exposed to them had amnesia and
they had to kind of start all over again
in the public sector.
>> There were there were clearly guys
involved in that who had ulterior
motives and then I do think
>> I think you know some people don't give
Tom Dong enough credit for modern
disclosure
>> because like so many people just
wouldn't even be into the subject. I
think if it weren't for a lot of what he
got out and I do think
>> he on his own organically made a ton of
connections poked the bear a lot
>> to the effect of a lot of these guys
coming out to him and he kind of
>> I think put a lot of this stuff together
and so yeah may maybe there you know
ulterior motives with some of the people
involved but I don't think Tom had
ulterior mot I think he had very genuine
you know
>> he was a trailblazer I think so yeah
>> I also think a strong argument can be
made he was exposed to some pretty
radical stuff whether this was
authorized or unauthorized uh
disclosures. If you look at his
appearance on Joe Rogan back in 2017,
October of 2017, this was like the
radical time that he came out and talked
about TTSA, there's something that
really caught my eye there. And I I
think a strong argument can be made. Uh
Tom Dong was exposed to elements of
Immaculate Constellation.
>> Yeah. Oh, interesting. We know
immaculate constellation as u the the
USA Matthew Brown was exposed to uh that
began in 2017 that utilized uh uh US
intelligence platforms overhead
platforms implying NRO with spy
satellites and overhead collection
platforms probably NGA and and numerous
various intelligence gathering systems
to monitor both uh non-human craft and
alien reproduction vehicles. There are
plenty of interesting cases including uh
slowly rotating triangles over Indoaccom
Indo Pacific Command within Matthew
Brown's uh immaculate constellation
document uh saucer shaped craft
seemingly using crow cloud coverage as
cover and all that. So, but the
connection I'm trying to make and why I
think a strong argument Tom Dong was
exposed to Immaculate Constellation in
2017, the year uh IM Con was began is if
you listen closely to that Joe Rogan
interview, Tom Dong talks about episodic
visits of craft,
>> he says that his highlevel sources in
the NRO specifically told him that
scientists and eggghheads had figured
out ways to basically pre-predict when
and where craft would appear and thus
satellites and imagery intelligence
platforms would would capture these
quote unquote episodic visits.
>> Whoa.
>> His connections to the NRO.
>> Whilst he was at TTSA, uh Luellaando was
liaison to the NRO.
>> He was liaison to the NRO.
>> Whoa. I don't think a lot of people know
that. [laughter]
>> No, that's not that's that's not public
knowledge. But yeah, he was liaison to
the NRO.
>> How'd you figure that out?
>> Curriculum. Uh CV.
>> Okay.
>> CV. Okay. Leazison to the NRO. And if
you look at the immaculate constellation
documents, uh numerous sightings talk
about how the sensor collection platform
seemingly had
>> uh fornowledge of the event. Almost like
the the system was put in place to
collect data on the appearance of the
UFO or ARV, but the system knew it was
going to be there. It had fornowledge.
It could it could track the erratically
moving tic tac or the saucer.
>> So
>> I think there's a connection there with
those episodic visits and the
fornowledge of of craft siting the
immaculate constellation documents. The
timeline's add up too. I I think that's
that's something that worthy to be
explored. If you ask Luis Alzando if he
was read into um Immaculate
Constellation, of course, that's a
USBOP, so he'll have to deny that. But I
I think there's some interesting
questions there that could be explored.
That's so fascinating. I think the more
>> you read books like Secret Machines or
like, you know, look at a lot of Tom
Dong's you know, old interviews and
stuff, you're like I I'll often like
I'll catalog some of these things and
I'll be like, well, I'm not so sure. and
then I'll do my own open source research
and I'll run into something and I'm like
damn he was like right about that too
like um you know like he he talks about
I think the Maynard consortium and
secret machines
>> yeah based on the Jason committee
>> the Jason committee or it was like I
think it was like this international
corporate board that oversaw the UFO
issue and it's either the the Jason
committee I think of more in the context
of like tech protection via the the US
like our you know kind of most sensitive
weaponry
>> but um I almost associate that with you
know if you read like Jacqu Vallet's
Forbidden Science, he talks about like
the Carile group constantly coming up,
you know, and and and even Ben Rich,
there's a quote in the early 90s, I
think, with his uh letters between him
and and uh John Andrews, I think, of
Testor Motor Corp,
>> and he is talking about this like
international governance board around
the UFO issue and how it actually might
need to be rested out of the
international governance board and taken
into American hands And so, you know,
you you have a lot of things like that
where you're like, you know, it seems
like Tom actually was had a lot of great
info.
>> Yeah, I that's such a great point
because it seems like, you know, whether
it's a five eyes retrieval program or,
you know, tech protection stuff like the
the JSON committee, which was founded
out of MITER, by the way. Uh,
>> interesting. Yeah,
>> I didn't know that.
>> Yeah. Cool.
>> So, that's why start looking at MITER.
Also like as a as a side note when was
MITER and a lot of these FFRDC started
like the aerospace corporation 1959 1960
that's exactly when uh Colonel Philip J
Corso of the armies not air forces
foreign technology division says that
technologies were being seated into
basically US defense contractors to try
to adapt to improve US military might
connection there probably.
>> Yeah. And you have, you know, I
interviewed Harold Malgrren as you know,
and he was at a fedally funded research
and development center, IDA,
>> and uh, you know, he said point blank
before, you know, somebody wrote this
like blog post kind of takeown of him,
he said, "My work at the IDA was
actually a cover for what I was doing
for the National Security Council and
the president." And so um you it was
clear even back then that like you had
this kind of old boys club of the kind
of wild wild west cowboy intelligence
agencies and FFRDC's were used as a
front kind of often because his mentor
at the IDA was Richard Bissell. Richard
Bissell not only uh was deputy director
of plans for the CIA later founded Area
51 uh basically to test the U2 spy plane
um but then also uh you know you
mentioned this to me last night I had
forgotten uh founded the NRO was one of
the co-founders. He was one of the
co-directors because just like we talked
about with the NRO and CIA DS&T, uh the
NRO was an the NRO is unique because it
exists as a joint DoDIC agency and upon
its creation in in 1961 after a shootown
of a U2 spy plane over denied airspace
in the Soviet Union. Uh the NRO had had
co-directors, one from the DoD, one from
the IC. Y and it's weird that the CIA
seems to have a little tugofwar over any
lately founded uh US intelligence
agency. Same thing with the Nuro,
founded in 1969. up until 1972 there was
a huge tugof-war between the Navy and
CIA specifically the DS&T over u who
controls the neuro and then of course
Bobby Rayanman takes over and he's
[laughter] he is just agency out the
wazoo so yeah further interesting
parallels between that Richard Bissell
is an interesting person I I'm
particularly fond of and I think you
probably are too of Richard Bissell
allegedly briefing Malman otherworldly
technologies as as we know our buddy
Randy Anderson off-world technologies
division under the Naval Surface Warfare
her crane.
>> Yeah. Yeah. There's definitely seems
like something might line up there. What
do you think of, you know, Malm Gren's
testimony? Cuz I did that interview
>> and I honestly would have expected that
to have been picked up by like, you
know, mainstream media because you have
a guy who is a presidential adviser for
JFK, LBJ, Nixon, and Ford. You could
argue with his level of seniority with,
you know, JFK specifically, but he
admitted that like, you know, he didn't
deal a ton with JFK directly. he dealt
more with Shrivever or whatever. Um, and
then you can't really argue with his,
you know, connections with the other
presidents. I think he he rose in senior
seniority, uh, you know, as time went
on. Clearly was connected at the highest
levels of government. to me, you know,
and I've met a lot of like I think
pretty impressive people like just
pattern match to somebody who had a map
of the world in his head was a total
kind of Kissinger type, you know, maybe
without the bad vibes that Kissinger
had, you know, the the the the the
desire to create destruction and
manipulate. I think in some ways he was
kind of like
>> the opposite of Kissinger and he was
actually,
>> you know, likely I think, you know, I
think he he was CIA. Yeah. And um and I
think he was likely actually appointed
to uh kind of restrain Kissinger in many
ways. Like he was kind of he was he was
tagged with uh reigning in Kissinger who
was seen as this kind of rogue guy. So
what do you think of his testimony?
Because there are some people who've I
think it's kind of this coordinated job,
but like some people have come out and
attacked him since since that interview.
I think Malgren was likely CIA and his
position at the IDA was a knock or
nonofficial cover, which is a very
common uh thing for agency stuff.
>> Yeah,
>> I hope that I think over time that
Malgrim's testimony is going to age like
fine wine. I mean I was I was re
listening to your project with him just
for one of my projects and I was
particularly intrigued when he is
talking about uh intelligence
communities and how intelligence
communities have essentially found a way
to fund themselves and so they don't
adhere to traditional oversight channels
because they basically fund themselves.
This comports exactly what with what I
think about institutions like the NRO or
other intelligence agencies and UFO
legacy programs 1994 1995. They can use
carryover funds basically to do whatever
the heck they want. I also think that I
I hope the 1962 uh Bluegill Triple Prime
nuclear test starts to get revisited
with what Malmrren said of course that
was a um was that were those tests over
Bikini Atoll? Where were those
>> Johnston ATL came to me? Yeah,
>> I know there's been some discussion on
whether that was a targeting pod or or
something that that was knocked out by
the residual EMP at the nuclear blast
when stated that you know Bissell
briefed him on that being a UFO. I think
Jeff Crookshank has done some incredible
work and is still to this day making the
argument that that was a UFO recovered
by the USS I think it was engage.
>> Yeah. Um what's interesting about about
that testimony is those tests were a um
were conducted under the a evolution
agency of the AFSWP, the Armed Forces
Special Weapons Project, which
eventually became Ditra. I can't
remember the agency specifically. AF
AFSWP went through like eight or nine
iterations before it became Ditra.
Sorry, not eight or nine, that's an
exaggeration. Like four or five.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh
>> but that agency did the testing of the
Really?
>> Yeah. and Sandia supplied like uh the
the a specific rocket payload for that
testing and such. But what's interesting
to me is when uh Dylan Borland talks
about old Atomic Energy Commission
records talking about uh concluding that
UFOs are extraterrestrial vehicles
based upon the Atomic Energy Commission.
I I wonder if if part of those records
adhere to the AFSWP before it came
became Ditra recording that crash.
>> Yeah. And the the whole I mean so
there's this guy you know Dean Johnson
who took you know tried to do this like
takedown of Algrren and the whole
takedown was like you know he couldn't
have held the queue clearance which you
wouldn't be able to figure out through
the FBI at all if the guy was CIA you
just wouldn't and especially if you're a
nonofficial cover CIA there's just no
way. And so I think a lot of those
points are sort of rendered moot. And
then you could say, well, he wasn't CIA,
but it's like if you read the tea leaves
on the interview, he's saying he handled
the presidential daily brief. That's a
CIA thing. He's saying he's best friends
with Tom Farmer, who's happened to be
the general counsel of the CIA.
>> He had Paul Melon's walking stick in the
interview, and I'm holding it for half
the time in the interview or whatever
because I wanted to see it and he had it
off hand just in his apartment.
>> Does it represent anything? It looks
looks very unique.
>> Well, he has a lot of power. [laughter]
>> So, Paul Melon's the founder, one of the
founders of the CIA. So, like I don't
know. You got to read the read the kind
of tea leaves on it. Um, you know, and I
I kind of I think figured that out
through kind of basic research. You
know, he's at Oxford, he's Yale, you
know, it's like it's Richard Bissell's
your mentor. He's deputy director. He's
number two in the entire CIA. we have
Richard Bissell all over his diary. So,
it's like so clear to me that he was
CIA. And then I don't know, I felt like
>> maybe it was hard for me to to break
this, you know, gentlemanly oath that he
had he was kind of breaking it on his
own. You know, he clearly was breaking
it in the UFO context, but I felt weird
explicitly outing him.
>> Yeah. Hey, are you CIA?
>> Yeah. Yeah. And it's the guy's like, you
know, literally by the time we had put
it out, he had passed away sadly. And so
like I just didn't feel like it was my
place. But I did insert a little thing
at the very beginning of the monologue
saying if you if you like look if you
like watch this entire interview you'll
realize he's part of a much deeper
intelligence network than meets the eye.
Yeah.
>> And I think that didn't maybe a lot of
people didn't process that. Clearly
Deian Johnson didn't but uh I don't
know.
>> The the Q clearance specifically is kind
of a a mute point to me. Of course Q
clearance is the DOE's equival
equivalent of a top secret clearance. I
mean, so there there are some not public
individuals that that I'm familiar with.
Uh, one of whom specifically has claimed
to have operated on a crash retrieval
team, UFO crash retrieval team out of
the Nevada Test and Training Range. I've
spent a lot of time uh kind of vetting
this person and and studying their
claims. And I I have to say I I do trust
them and believe them. And
>> at Area 51,
>> Area 51 adjacent sites.
>> Not S4, but adjacent sites.
>> Okay. Can can he say where or
>> one such place would be the ton of test
range TTR which is managed by Sand
Sandia which is the department of
energy's experimental weapons testing
range
>> and what does he say he does
specifically in the context of crash
>> we we'll we'll talk about that that's
interesting there's some interesting
points there but basically this guy was
uh sheep dipped from another US military
branch sheep dipped we know that term
from Jake Barber going down the combat
controller pipeline taken into the
program
>> means getting getting erased yeah
>> it's an agency term right
>> yeah going full ghosts.
>> Yeah. And so this guy was sheep dipped
into the the programs and uh four
>> programs went on on on blue sites or
unacknowledged sites just to hang out
for staging ops for rapid reaction
retrieval teams. He has a badge.
>> The badge has NRO on it and it just has
a halfaphazardly slapped on Q clearance.
So again, I have to state that this I
can't really provide evidence for this
guy's testimony to you and this should
be taken with conjecture of course, but
this individual I I personally believe
as testimony and um it seems like he
never tested for a Q clearance. He never
went through any sort of um system to
get a Q clearance. He was just given it.
>> He was just given the Q clearance. Yeah.
And and the re I think this is also
important because we just went through
kind of org chart stuff around how the
UFO stuff works hierarchically,
>> but as far as the classification and
clearances of this stuff of the atomic
energy commission and special nuclear
material, all of that stuff is really
important. So yeah, so go watch David
Grush on Joe Rogan. If you've if
>> you've watched it once, watch it again.
If you've watched it twice, watch it
half a dozen times and listen to the
minutiae of what he says. um
specifically legacy programs starting
with the same secrecy mechanisms as the
Manhattan project and the 1954 atomic
energy agreement birthing a lot of the
secrecy behind uh UFO legacy program
classification and controls. From that
we can take that the department of
energy and its precursor agency, the
atomic energy commission. They hold a
lot of the classification systems that
govern UFO legacy programs and secrecy
and who gets read into the bigot list
and the USAPs and how the programs are
delegated and where they're housed and
so forth. And specifically, there's
numerous mechanisms that the uh atomic
energy commission and department of
energy can utilize uh based upon the
1954 atomic energy agreement. These
include special nuclear materials,
anything that gives off vaguely
radioactive or radio yeah radioactive um
signatures just oh let's put that as
special nuclear material. Uh
transclassified foreign nuclear
information, which that's famously
outlined in the UAPDA for three years in
a row, specifically named TFNI,
transclassified foreign nuclear
information. and FII, foreign
intelligence information. Now, what's
interesting about foreign intelligence
information is is there's a caveat to it
that I think really enforces my theory.
Uh, one subset of foreign intelligence
information, FII, is non-contract, which
means not releasable to customers or
contractors. I believe this is a
security mechanism used for Department
of Energy and their semi-autonomous
subordinate agency, the National Nuclear
Security Administration to offiscate UFO
programs within DOE and NSA National
Labs, Sandia, Lawrence Liverour, uh, Los
Alamos, and then the Y12 complex which
houses Oakidge.
>> So, that's a very interesting rabbit to
go to because of course there's it seems
like with legacy programs there's
numerous layers of of program security.
There's the DARPA SID uh if you're
considered an insider outsider threat to
them, they'll just kill you. There's the
DOE OICI uh who
>> are there examples of them like taking
people out or
>> No, I no public.
>> Yeah. But [clears throat] the DOE OICI
um
>> Well, where are you getting that though?
That DARPADID can just like take people
out. Well, I made a I just made a a
tweet about this uh pretty recently
about the DARPADID and basically their
program protection structure for special
access programs within the United States
for the most national security like
restrictive special access programs, the
most
innovative exotic technology programs
for the United States. And it just it
stands to reason that um the CIA
historically hasn't had a problem with
taking out its own citizens if it needs
to. If there's an insider outsider
threat, such a program protection uh
agency or directorate on the forefront
of legacy programs would not uh hesitate
twice to neutralize insider outsider
threats. Uh just like whistleblowers we
know today face reprisals, right? Uh
David Gush has faced reprisals. I know
individuals who have had pensions
threatened, um, threatened with
inappropriate, uh, stuff on their
computers, really disgusting, uh,
graphic stuff that is just abhorrent to
think about. And so, it just stands to
reason if if somebody is a direct threat
to a a program protection structure that
they might be taken out.
>> Yeah. I sometimes wonder if there's some
biological like if you if you want like
a full clampdown control on like people
who are part of a program, are there
chips you're embedding? Are you giving
them shots where you can kind of switch
them off later in life? Are there are
there things like that? I mean, it's
horrible to think about, but do you
think some of that stuff is going on?
>> There's one common thread I found and
and each of these three people had the
same thing happen that they kind of
answered independently. There's Michael
Herrera who observed the while deployed
on the USS Denver in Sumatra, Indonesia,
experienced a a team in all black of of
operators in a large seemingly reverse
engineered man-made craft. There's
Jonathan Wagant in his infamous 1997
crash retrieval encounter. And then
there's Rodri Castle who during the
Hunter Warrior advanced war fighting
experiment in 1997 while he was an AV8B
Harrier aviation technician. Uh
basically was ordered to check out some
unauthorized flare activity. He saw a
massive 2003 300t triangle and
accompanying black team. He was held at
gunpoint. All three of these men
directly after their encounters were
given what they were told were anthrax
vaccine boosters. Uh back in the 90s
there was a huge uh controversy around
anthrax scare and anthrax boosters. Uh
Rodri Castle specifically had already
been given the anthrax vaccine and an
anthrax booster. So weird that right
after his experience of this this team
and this triangle likely man-made
triangle, he's given another booster. Uh
same with way, same with Herrera.
>> Anthrax booster.
>> Yeah. So weird.
>> What prompted me on this is
>> you saw some sensitive technology. Now
you need to be protected from anthrax.
>> Yeah. which was a flash in the pan
threat to begin with like we who's
talking about anthrax
>> right what was interesting to me is
initially it was I was um Roger Castle
that said this he was like yeah
afterwards I was given an anthrax
booster and then I was talking to Mike
Carrera about his encounter and he said
oh I was just given an anthrax booster
unprompted this was like months after
>> and this is like a prophylactic where if
you came across anthrax presumably you'd
have the immune defense for it or
something it's like a COVID booster but
for anthrax or like
>> Yeah. And then I I made that connection.
I was in North Carolina sitting across
from Jonathan Wagan sharing a meal and
he's talking about his encounter. I love
Jonathan Wagan by the way. One of the
greatest guys I know
>> and he talks about just completely
unprompted. Yeah. And you know
afterwards we were given an anthrax
booster. Speaking of Jonathan Wagan, I
cannot express to you how much I I
dislike the fellow Marine sergeants he
was with during his encounter. They
threw him under the bus and sold him
out. Well, let's get into the core
details of because you just came out
with a a video maybe a couple months ago
that or a few months ago that was one of
the best I think most important uh just
pure whistleblower testimonies about
Jonathan Wagant and yeah what a
fascinating story. So yeah tell us about
it.
>> I think that can bridge us into how
crash retrieval teams work as well.
>> Yeah,
>> Jonathan Wagant uh USMC Lance Corporal
1997 sent to Peru Operation Laser Strike
which is a counter narcotics operation.
uh narco planes shoot them down, get
drugs out of Colombia, Bolivia, uh Peru,
entering US airspace. He is told at one
point that there's a down friendly or or
foreign plane. No big deal. So, he and a
troop of 8 to 10 Marines, including
Sergeant Atkins and Sergeant Allen's uh
trek down to where this aircraft
crashed. After a combination of driving
and trekking, they encounter a a
clearing which in a basically a cliff
face. There's an enormous egg-shaped,
teardropshaped craft embedded in the
cliff face. Um, the craft is featuring
extensive ballistic damage on the back.
Wiggant guesses to this day this was due
to a Peruvian Hawkman 23 uh missile
system. There's seemingly a field around
the craft. You know, it's kind of
silvery metallic, but around the craft
there's this swirling field similar to
what Dylan Borland said about the mech
lava-like mechanism that was used
seemingly to cloak the craft. This was a
purplish greenish like oil on water, the
mother of pearl effect. There was a
light around the circumference of the
craft that was kind of slowing down. Um,
and there seemed to be a hatch open with
what's appeared to be an arm hanging out
with four fingers. This was part of
>> Did it look like a human arm? Did it
look like a reptile gray alien? It just
looked like an arm hanging out
>> with four fingers.
>> Yeah. And
>> this was actually one of the things that
Steven Greer cut out of their year 2000
interview.
>> Why did he cut anything out of this
guy's testimony?
>> At first, I thought it was uh he was
vindictive against James Fox, you know,
our mutual friend and excellent
filmmaker with a great upcoming project,
James Fox. He he filmed the way Gant
interview for Steven Greer. And so
initially when I found the raw files,
which even the raw files on Greer's DPI
archive are still chopped up, you can
find one part where James Fox asks a
question and it quickly cuts. So
initially I thought Greer just cut out
James Fox's part, but it it seems more
dubious than that if part of wean's
testimony was excluded.
>> But that's part for the course for
Greer, right? We can think of Brad
Sorenson in the 1988 Fluxliner incident
at the Norton Air Force Base Air Show
where in 1990 uh Brad Sorenson admitted
to aviation weekend space technology
senior editor Bill Scott. The entire
incident was real. Everything happened
the flux liners, the copycat vehicles
and and and Greer and his cronies
stonewalled this interview.
>> So crazy. It's if you really want
disclosure and you're talking about
about a guy who, you know, shows up, you
know, at Edwards, was it Edwards Air
Base?
Norton Air close down now near Air Force
Plant 42.
>> That's right. And and then he's shown
some back of the house show and then he
sees an alien reproduction three alien
reproduction vehicles hovering or
whatever and you see video of it. Like
that's that's such an important
testimony and um and then he's sort of
like, you know, goes dark and he's like,
you know, really mean to all the UFO
researchers so many death threats.
>> It's crazy. So then you have Steven Gre
is the one guy who's sitting on like you
know like really crazy you know
testimony from him and he he what where
is that like did you destroy it or like
>> I don't it was
>> where's the evidence?
>> So I think this was found between 2017
and 2020 2019 or 2020.
>> Okay. Uh, one of Greer's cronies, a a
pretty respected and famous researcher,
compiled a bunch of documents on this
and I think pride the interview from
Bill Scott and they just him and the
Greer team just put this all in a PDF uh
non OCR, so non-archable PDF and just
posted it on the DPI archive as Norton
Air Force Base internal. So, this was
supposed to be an internal document that
was posted to to Greer's public archive.
This is like a 200page PDF and I I read
through the whole thing because I was
doing a I I was absorbing as much
Mcandalish as much
>> audio associated with it.
>> It's a written thing from Bill Scott,
but there's also handwritten notes
between Bill Scott.
>> So they did publish this?
>> No,
>> they didn't publish it.
>> they just made it internal.
>> Yeah,
>> I tried to reach out to Bill Scott, but
he had a heart attack, so he's in poor
health.
>> Oh jeez.
>> So I haven't heard from him. I'd like to
>> He's like aviation week.
>> Yeah. And space technology senior
editor. Uh, and of course I've I've
tried to kind of uh run a bit of a
gambit with Brad saying, "Hey, I I like
I've seen this interview. I know you've
you've seen it and just get more death
threats, but you know, but but the the
circling back to way gant because I
that's so I think that's so productive
in how we can talk about crash retrieval
teams, but it just seems like every now
and then Greer weirdly obuscates some
data, including critical testimony. I
mean, the biologics being present at
Jonathan Wan's retrieval encounter is
critical.
>> Uh because as he gets close to the
craft, as it's dripping this clear,
viscous uh syrupy like liquid, he feels
like a being is communicating to him in
his mind, telling him not to be scared,
but also asking for help, which I I
can't imagine the type of PTSD that
would give a man.
>> A sentient being like begging for help,
but also trying to calm you down.
>> What did he do?
>> Well, he's getting closer and closer to
the craft because he's the only one that
gets near it. And then Sergeant Allen
and Sergeant Atkins kind of jerk him
back to reality, screaming at him and
tell him to, you know, get the heck out
of there. Sergeant Allen and Sergeant
Atkins, I won't say which one of them,
but one of them, um, I emailed from my
uapgrmail.com email. It's that's not my
name or anything like that, um, asking
for comment, and they responded, "Hello,
my full name." So, they're trying to be
like a trying to big bro me a little
bit, be a little bit intimidating,
saying like, I know who you are.
>> Anyway, they doxed you in their
response.
>> Correct. Uh, so that's not cool and
that's why I don't like them. and
they've also thrown him under the bus.
One of them specifically said, "Oh, no,
Jonathan Wayan's just crazy. It's just
not true." But the the most important
part, uh, in my opinion, um, is when
Wayan and the other Marines leave the
clearing, they're immediately
intercepted by, uh, between 8 and 12
operators in all black, US Army helmets.
That's kind of an important detail. All
black, no insignia, no name tags, uh,
held at gunpoint.
Whilst these men are being detained, um,
two US Army CH47 helicopters land. Out
of the helicopters come a team in MOP
gear, missionoriented protective
posture. Just think hazmat gear. You
know, if you think back to the 1965
Kexsburg, Pennsylvania crash, all the
witnesses on on SE scene said they saw
people in what they called moon suits
>> arrive and but these people are wearing
DOE insignia and some of them have DOE
rain jackets. Uh, Wayant tries to
resist. he gets the crap beaten out of
him and um he's taken and and held in
isolation for a period of up to two days
after numerous threats of of of that
he's going to be killed and all that
stuff. But so that crash retrieval team
that is really important. The people in
DOE uh that is highly likely the
department of energy nuclear emergency
support team DOE nest. DOE nest is a DOE
NSA. NSA again is the DOE
semi-autonomous agency. The National
Nuclear uh Security Administration
support team. They're responsible for
rapid reaction responses to any sort of
CBR&E chemical biological radiological
nuclear high yield explosives
specifically dealing with nuclear stuff
around the world. Uh this team has their
own private jets of course which is also
really weird detail. That guy u I talked
to you about that has claimed he's been
on retrieval teams out of the NTR has
stated for some rapid reaction events
they would hop on a little private jet.
>> Uh so the DOE nest has their own private
jets. DOE NEST derives its authority
from where else? The 1954 atomic energy
agreement.
>> So DOE Nest operates under that
authority. So they can kind of use the
same classification systems. um to do,
you know, whatever the the heck they
want. Uh
>> so how did they cuz I think of OGA,
Office of Global Access as being this
kind of rapid response team. Are they
coordinating with
>> DOA or logistics coordinator? So think
about like the NGA as a combat support
agency. Um they're pro them and the NRO
they're providing intelligence uh
actionable information and so forth. The
CIA is just the coordinator. So in all
likelihood what but this is before
>> the OGA is under CIA.
>> Yeah. And this is before the OGA
existed, right? But in all likelihood,
let's say Jonathan Wagan's encounter
occurred in 2004 just for a mind
exercise. The CIA OA would have likely
contracted the US Army 160th SOAR
Nighthawks uh specifically first
battalion, which is the uh US Army's
basically helicopter regiment uh that
supports J-C operations to utilize their
CH47s for this retrieval operation. OJ
would have said, "Hey, we need this Nest
team, whether they're NEST or whether
they're just retrieval operators using
Nest and using the 1954 atomic energy
agreement as a shield. We need those
guys." And then they would also um
coagulate and get the the tier one
adjacent likely US Army Delta in this
case um folks to to get to the retrieval
scene.
>> So then, yeah, what ends up happening to
Want? So he's he's basically beat up.
He's put in isolation and and then he's
given an anthrax shot as you mentioned
later.
sent back to Cherry Point.
>> After a while, Sergeant Atkins, Sergeant
Allens get mad at him if they try and
talk to him. Uh the Marines treat him
like crap. Uh so he uses marijuana to
get kicked out of the Marines because
it's so hellacious for him.
>> Poor guy, man. So messed up. And you see
it in his face. He looks haunted. He's
looks haunted. Yeah.
>> So before he started recording and so
forth, he was like trembling.
>> It it still affects him deeply to this
day to speak about. I can only imagine.
>> And it took it took months to get him on
camera. He does not he does not want to
be on camera. He lives a private life.
He he has a beautiful family. He uh
works with rescue dogs a lot. Great guy,
pure heart. And u
>> it's been terrible for him. So that DOE
Nest though, I I think there's a lot of
interesting things there because we've
talked about special nuclear material,
FII, transclassified foreign nuclear
information, and now Nest. Yeah. Uh I
think Nest is likely used at uh abroad
and or KONIS and OKONOS outside KONIS
continental United States retrieval
operations. The DOE and/NSA employ two
other agencies I think are highly likely
involved in UFO retrieval operations or
passing recovered UFO materials between
US national labs here in the continental
United States. This would be DOE SRT,
special response team, which is um sort
of a a federal unit, a federal
protective force that has arrest on-site
authority within the the US. Um, these
are the guys that safeguard nuclear
material. These are the guys that
safeguard Sandia and National Labs. And
then the DOE, NSA, NNSA, OST or Office
of Secure Transportation. These are the
guys that drive the big rigs that
transport the uh the materials. Now, the
common thing between all three of these
agencies, Nest, SRT, and OST, these are
not comprised of uh of of DoD employees.
These are comprised of contractors.
>> All three of them are comprised of
contractors. For example, Sandia has
designed the big rigs that OST uses. But
that's not the point. The contractors
involved are Sandia,
>> Lawrence Livermore, Los Alamos, Rathon,
>> and our former good friend, now part of
Amentum, EGNG.
>> EGNG, of course, is is the company that
allegedly hired Bob Lazar to work out at
Area 51 S4. EG&G uh was of course
spearheaded by Donald Kerr, of course,
of the NRO. and EGNG, one of the senior
special projects guys is one of the
people or Alfred O'Donnell is one of the
individuals who told um George Knap that
uh there were was a recovered saucer
held at an Area 51 adjacent site with
live biologics in the 19
>> and this is crazy because Alfred
O'Donnell was also Annie Jacobson's
source and she goes on Lex Freriedman
and she goes I was told on his deathbed
Alfred O'Donnell told me you know was
she that was a big source for her book
Area 51 where she was basically given
exclusive early access post Bob Lazar,
nobody really knew anything about Area
>> and she's saying that
>> her source Alfred O'Donnell tells her
that what did she say exactly about
Roswell that it was these like
>> pro pro you know pro progeria
>> mangled twins mangled twins
>> from Joseph Mangle at the behest of
Joseph Stalin
>> once it was determined that this was a
hoax and that Stalin was able to get a
craft over the United States and it
crashed crashed and it had, you know,
people inside of it. They were people
that were sort of deformed and meant
surgically altered to look like aliens.
The United States government decided
that it needed to know what on earth
that was all about and if it was
possible for us to have the same
program. This according to the source
right now that source is Al Oddonnell
who is the nuclear weapons engineer who
armed, wired and fired
186 nuclear weapons.
>> That's harder to believe than aliens to
be quite honest.
>> Right. It's
listening to George not talk about this.
You can tell he's a little bit
frustrated because he spent many
>> because he has the same source as her
and Alfred O'Donnell told him that it's
>> and he also has that source.
>> Uh there was George Knob stated that um
there was a meeting set up between one
of the heads of EG&G Edgarton German and
Greer for one of them to meet with him
Dick Damato, you know, Dick Damato of of
the I think he was he was SSCI, right?
He was kind of in charge of of probing
saps and stuff and Alfred O'Donnell to
talk about recovered UFOs. And this was
sometime in the '90s. And when they got
to this meeting, the subject of UFOs was
off the table. And this was the turning
point for Alo Donnell. He would never
speak about it again. What's what's
what's really interesting though is that
uh
Alo Donald apparently said to George
Knap that in uh 19 the early 1950s, 1954
to be exact, that the recovered saucer
was kind of transferred into uh Area
Area 51 adjacent site. Uh conventionally
you would think that that is because
Area 51 was supposedly built in 1954
established in 1954. Even though there's
strong arguments that uh underground
sites near Area 51 existed far before
that with the borax mines. I'm of a
different mind. I think that craft was
moved in 1954 because the 1954 atomic
energy agreement gave expanded powers to
government-owned contractor operated
laboratories like Sandia and so forth to
house the craft. And thus 1954 resembles
a turning point when DOE uh FFRDC's and
NNSA which was established in the year
2000 started to kind of hang on to these
materials themselves especially on the
the Nevada test site in uh NTR Nevada
test and training range. There's a
series of photographs in the national
archives ranging from 1972 to at that
time 1992 before uh Martin Marietta
purchased Sandia back in 1993.
uh but and and now it exists like 2012
but it was uh 20,000 plus EG&NG Nevada
test site and Sandia operations all
across the Nevada test site. So many
photos of underground stuff weird
computer control room. So that is my
prevailing theory that 1954 saw uh saw a
lot of these sorts of of projects being
moved into government owned contractor
operated hands which that's further
supported by um there is a a former New
Mexico state rep Jay Andrew Kner. M
>> this is like a proto grush.
>> Mhm.
>> Nobody speaks about this and it's
insanely interesting and I can speak
about so 2002 or 2004 second annual
crash retrieval conference. Linda Molton
How says, "Hey, I'm going to present
this test." I personally don't think of
her as too credible of a source. Uh so I
went
>> she's broken a lot of
>> she's broken a lot of stories. Right.
Right.
>> But with some sensationalism sometimes I
I contacted Jay Andrew Kissner myself to
confirm if if he did this or not.
>> He's still alive.
>> Correct.
>> Wow.
>> Correct. He doesn't really want to talk.
>> Interesting.
>> Just like most people who have been
involved don't really want to talk. They
>> And he was a congressman or senator.
>> He was a he was a rep for New Mexico.
>> Okay.
>> And so in 1994, 1995, he conducted a
series of interviews with firsthand
legacy people all across the board.
Office of Naval Research, Air Force,
etc. Um, and basically starting in 1947,
there was some crash craft, Vanavar Bush
spearheaded retrieval efforts and so
forth. And
>> he says all this,
>> yes,
>> it's crazy. numerous scientific agencies
were involved. The AFSWP, which would
later become Ditra, was involved. And
that in the early 1950s, there was a
shift in how these craft were held and
craft were given over to
government-owned contractor operated
hands to be custodians. So, that's one
of the biggest interesting things in J.
Andrew Kissner's testimony that puts a
lot of faith in um in in in my opinion
of him is he talks about this, which
comports strongly with with my idea that
National Lab started to take over these
materials and house them in the 1950s.
Uh indeed uh Jay Ander Kissner allegedly
in 19 1995 told other New Mexico state
rep uh Steven Schiff about this. Steven
Schiff launched a giant probe into
Roswell and there's a GAO audit and and
an investigation into Roswell where
apparently the Air Force had lost all of
their files into Roswell. So that's a
really interesting rabbit hole as well.
>> Steven Schiff I think is on record
saying like complaining about this.
>> Yes. He says that the records were like
uh rampant or like inappropriately
destroyed all that good stuff.
>> So crazy. It seems like the mid1 1990s
has a lot of really weird events that
might have had to cause UFO legacy
programs to reorganize themselves to
hide behind this special access program
oversight committee special or senior
review group.
>> Makes sense. Interesting. So that was
when this reorg happens. Okay.
>> 1950s. Okay.
>> And so yeah, again we talked about why
the national labs would be perfect to
house some of these stuff. Um I've
talked about it before. It's another
individual that needs to undergo further
vetting u because there's some stuff
that checks out with his testimony and
some stuff that begs more questions. But
he has stated he has worked under the
Y12 complex which houses Oak Ridge on a
UFO legacy program that studies the skin
of two recovered uh non-human saucer
craft.
>> Whoa. And this is a current guy that
you're in touch with
>> as of 18 months ago.
>> Wow.
>> 18 months. 24 months like within the
last one to
>> And he's saying that that Oakidge houses
this program that does like you know
kind of material analysis on on UFO
materials.
>> Yeah. So things further need to be
vetted with him. So again, this, you
know, if you're listening to this
interview, this shouldn't be the
takeaway. This should be considered an
interesting addendum to the conversation
already, like, hey, maybe this is
possibly true, but there's some
interesting stuff there. Uh, two
recovered discs. Um, he states that
MITER and Battel are the two primary
folks involved with this, and that the
DOE, OICI, Office of Intelligence and
Counter Intelligence, is the are the
people that kind of um run the show.
>> Have you tried to stress test what he
said or corroborate it through
independent channels? a lot of it checks
out and a lot of a lot some of him is a
little weird. Okay.
>> So, I think at the very least he's being
used as a limited hangout by people who
actually work at the Y12 complex on on
these stuff, specifically DOEIC guys.
>> Uh but I I do think there's truth to the
story that under the Y12 complex there
exists this u legacy program. What's
interesting he says that he this program
studies the skin of craft. We've started
to hear this a lot with recovered
extraterrestrial or non-human craft.
Skin of craft. Why skin of craft? I
think there's a there's going to be a
budding conversation in the next couple
of years that what is common in in UFO
crash retrieval, specifically eggs, the
eggshaped craft, whether unmanned or
manned, is that there's seemingly layers
of of of of skin on the craft, inner
layers and outer layers separating like
the bulkhead from the the outer layer of
the craft. My mind is drawn to a the U
NTR operator I spoke of. He spoke about
a a cracked egg once that he was on
retrieval mission for and there was uh
layers like a Russian nesting doll.
There was layers of skin under the
craft. Um I think back to the 1948
testimony of one Albert Bruce Collins
who claimed to be a metallergist uh
working on who had some exposure to
exotic stuff at the University of
California, Berkeley. uh this guy
further stuff needs to be uh further
investigation needs to be done but he
disclosed to Tim Cooper and Leonard
Stringfield in 1990 shortly before his
death I think on New Year's Day 1991 or
something like that but uh he gave a lot
of interesting insights into stuff like
project twinkle which was of course a
Sandia based Z division investigation
into green fireballs over New Mexico
which Lincoln Leaz claimed probably
weren't prosaic objects and so forth
>> and I think there was some obstruction
there as far as the Project Twinkle
Records, you know, being being shown
because Lincoln Le Pa, who is a, you
know, kind of a University of New Mexico
meteor expert expert, not with any UFO
background or spooky intelligence
background, came to the conclusion that
these green fireballs would track, you
know, plumes of of, you know, atomic
detonations and uh were, you know,
happening at atomic sites across the US
and they would turn on and off and they
seem to be intelligently moving around.
>> Yeah. And then the Air Force recommended
that the findings of Project Twinkle not
be disclosed because there was no
natural explanation for this.
>> There you go.
>> And then of course we had the Robertson
panel and all that all that stuff that
happened thereafter. But Albert Brooks
Bruce Collins stated that in 1948 at the
University of California, Berkeley, he
saw a low boy style trailer that was
carrying a recovered vehicle. It was an
eggshaped craft that seemed to be
cracked. There seemed to be layers of
skin and like separated bulkheads and
almost inside like a a visibly light
compartment sort of like an egg yolk.
But that that skin, those layers is very
intriguing. Um,
>> everybody, including our our good
friend, one of the best people I know,
Chris Ramsey, is obsessed with the 4chan
whistleblower. I I actually think
there's a lot of validity to that, and I
think that might be legit. But there
back in 2024, there was another sort of
Reddit whistleblower testimony that
really flew under the radar that I I
think is worthy of revisiting.
>> I think the title of the post, now
deleted, was just ex OGA contractor. OJ
is not Office of Global Access here.
It's government other government agency
implying this guy was probably like an
agency contractor or stuff. This guy was
in the 24th uh STS which is a tier one
unit in JC from the Air Force. Uh he
talks about after his service in the STS
like 16 years or so. He is just doing
contracting work for an OGA probably the
CIA or something and and he staged
okonis outside the United States and and
I'll send you the link for this because
I really recommend people read it. It's
a really juicy really juicy testimony
that doesn't go overboard which is
interesting. and he sees his old troop
chief, uh, troop chief. There's a couple
C130s that fly up to the base. It's all
hush- hush. Nobody talks about it. He
sees these people just get into US Army
CH47s, likely 160th sore for rapid
reaction teams. And then no talk about
this, completely hush- hush. About uh 6
to 10 hours later, that team returns and
he sees his old troop chief. This is
very strange to this uh this testimony,
this poster, because the troop chief was
just having beers in Virginia doing a
fantasy football draft days prior. The
troop chief looks super disturbed, super
tired, a little out of it. Um but won't
really say what happened. Uh the the
poster of this kind of pokes around.
What were these guys doing? The the term
crash retrieval came up and he was kind
of chewed out, reamemed for it. A year
later, he meets up with his troop chief
and the troop chief kind of opens up and
and and says what had happened. He was
on a parallel, not directly J- Soc, but
a parallel tier one uh unit that was
siloed under its own umbrella authority,
not responsible for traditional SOCOM
channels that was responsible for crash
retrieval of exotic vehicles. In the
span of four years, he had only done
three retrieval incidents, two of which
were completely unknown to him. He had
no idea what they were, but this new one
really shook him to the core. The team
was taken to a retrieval site and there
they found an egg embedded in mud. Uh
the egg there was no like brush fire.
There was no uh you know it explosive
residue. It seemed like a giant bowling
ball had been dropped from space and
this egg had landed in and this large
silvery metallic egg I I think a larger
than the size of a couple SUVs was
cracked and inside what else is there
but layers of of craft seeming like the
nesting doll analogy is used. What's
interesting is this this guy said um the
air felt soupy.
>> The air felt soupy. Recall when Dylan
Borland said that that triangle took off
above him at Langley, he felt the like
the he felt like charged air, right? So
it feels like there's felt like thunder.
It felt like a like electricity like run
through his body or something. Yeah.
>> Just like Jonathan Wagant said that the
air felt heavy as soon as he got in the
proximity of the craft.
>> And the guy didn't know what to do.
They're just there to secure the LZ. Um,
but it's an anomalous vehicle that
doesn't seem to be manned or like we
like to say so souls on board. But it's
just a it's a really tame uh testimony
that I encourage people to to look at.
It it comports with what I know about
manned unmanned egg retrievals. It's
very interesting. It's so fascinating.
Yeah. And you mentioned, you know,
there's so many places to take this, but
you mentioned in in 2003 the OGA, you
know, under uh the CIA gets created, the
Office of Global Access, and I think
there's a Daily Mail article that
outlines, you know, Chris Sharp.
>> Yeah, Chris Sharp again. Okay, there you
go. um all over the world, you know,
they're kind of, you know, keeping their
finger on the pulse of UFO crashes.
>> And you know, I think there's a rumor in
because you mentioned, you know, if this
was if the wank crash were after 2003,
Jacock would have been involved, the
army would have been involved. Uh, I
believe there's a rumor of a a dog fight
between Loied crash retrieval team and a
JSOW crash retrieval team in 2004
competing over like trying to retrieve
>> Yeah. old Sentinels of Ether. Huh. The
Jake Barber classic.
I I mean I've I've heard that that
checks out with the details of it and
why certain elements in Sentinels of
Ether which was like a Romana clay
written by Jake Barber under a pseudonym
right to try and trick Doppser in an
intriguing play.
>> I think there's details there that are
more important. Uh for example I think
the location of Coyame Mexico is really
important. I wouldn't be surprised if
there's like
>> explain that.
>> So just context for the audience basic
context. So Jake Barber obviously, you
know, very important, you know, UFO
whistleblower came out uh earlier this
year uh through Ross Coloulthart, me, a
couple other people, and um said that he
retrieved an egg-shaped craft on this
sort of, you know, generic range sort
of, you know, California test range.
>> Did you see this egg?
>> I saw it absolutely.
>> What did it look like? Um, it's probably
20 ft plus or minus I don't know uh 10%
from my point of view. You know, I was
150 ft from it. Had a 150 foot long line
that night [laughter]
>> uh in a couple of different instances.
Well, I guess one was an egg, one was a,
you know, an eightgon craft. Um, said a
lot of interesting things. Also clearly
was holding back, you know, in a lot of
ways. And but one of the interesting
things he said is to get initially get
some information out through Doppser,
you know, um which is, you know, you
need to clear everything you you let out
through the DoD to let it out. He said
he sort of tricked them by writing a
sci-fi, you know, book and and I think
the first chapter is out and it's
sentinels of ether. Yeah. And a lot of
people, you know, a lot of hardcore UFO
researchers have speculated on this, you
know, first chapter of this book because
they think a lot of details might
comport with the truth. Well, the most
interesting part to me is that I I think
there's a message there that these
retrieval assets, the guys that we gant
encountered, the guys that Roger Castle
encountered, and the guys that Michael
Herrera encountered are not afraid to
conduct blue-on-blue violence. These
will these guys will kill American
servicemen if need be for for their
mission directive. I think that's one of
the greater themes there that maybe Jake
Barber is trying to bring attention to
if this is is not a real event which it
very well could be. Additionally, I
think there's interesting data there to
suggest that, you know, maybe there's an
underground US rapid reaction facility
in Coyame, Mexico in the north part of
Mexico and that maybe some of these
facilities are built into mountains or
built underground and there's uh various
foliage or various terrain or possibly
projections that are used to obiscate
these sites.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, look, you have to
look no further than like Cheyenne
Mountain complex. You know, we have and
then you you always bring up, you know,
the solder, you know, deep underground
military base. You have a great video on
this subject.
>> That's not a conspiracy like under
national labs and under sensitive sites
all over the US. We have underground
facilities.
>> Deep underground military bases
absolutely exist. They have been a a
huge focus of the US DoD and US Army
Corps of Engineers since 1948 when we
took a bunch of Nazi scientists
including Xavier Dorsch head of the Tat
organization to work under an air
material command uh underground
underground laboratory and underground
systems project. Deep underground
military bases are extremely real. You
have to look no further than the Loheed
Helenale or Northrup Tahhan RCS
facilities which were built primarily
underground to hide from Soviet uh
Soviet ISR in in our denied airspace.
These places are built under
Additionally, if if you're housing a UFO
or just a conventional SAP or
interesting technology or even like a
recovered Russian MIG, you're not going
to keep that in a hanger. You're not
going to keep that above ground. You're
going to keep that in in an underground
installations. And there's there's
numerous studies by the US Army Corps of
Engineers dating back to the 50s about
uh supplying these with a nuclear
reactor, where to get rid of some of the
the silt and and and dig out and where
to put the excess dirt. Um there's
there's data on how to supply, you know,
years of food and water. There's there's
interesting parallels to the Nazis and
like the Rean worm logger in Poland
which was essentially an underground
city with its own functioning train
system. Uh this is a very real thing. I
think the biggest question is is there a
network of um mag lev trains or similar
things connecting such installations?
And I would say that there is a very
strong argument that can be made. Early
on, there were uh possible pneumatic
systems that were thought to be
implemented in Nazi Germany under the
Todd organization that would connect
Berlin to France and have a pneumatic
train system that would connect the two
in like 5 minutes. Uh there's the 1972
uh Rand theoretical study, the very
high-speed transit system, which talks
about connecting uh similar places. Uh
there's magv systems, even Loheed Martin
was super into mag lev stuff in the year
2000s. And then of course you you can
start to rationalize this
>> mag lev levitating magnets sort of like
like high speed bullet train style tech.
>> And then uh and then like tunnel boring
machines TBMs how these things could be
used by the Bureau of Reclamation as
offshoot programs to start cing out
these these tunnels. I implore people go
look at those Sandia NTS Sandia lab
photos and just look at the how large
some of these underground tunnels were
cred out under the Nevada test site just
for experiments just for various
technical experiments
>> and so many of these whistleblower
testimonies like a guy you broke who
then we did a show with later is Randy
Anderson talks about being at uh Naval
Service Warfare Crane he's taken down in
some elevator goes deep below you know
the ground and then he's taken through a
bunch of skiffs until he gets to what is
it off
world technologies division sees a a
gauntlet emitting hieroglyphics and a
levitating sphere.
>> It's fascinating and a lot of a lot of
stories include that include going deep
underground. It seems to seems like
>> what frustrates me about Randy
specifically is a lot of people piled on
him saying like oh and kind of memeing
on him uh trolling him saying why would
there be a sign that says off-world
technologies division. I'd be remiss if
I didn't show you this.
>> Yeah. um at the at the Dougway proving
ground. The Dougway proving ground is
the area of experimental land is larger
than the US state of Rhode Island. Uh
it's it's like the NTR where it's one of
the largest non contiguous airspaces for
special projects in the entire United
States. It houses two major range and
test facility bases. The um the uh Utah
test and training range, UTR. The
Dougway proving ground houses the
southern range of the UTTR and the West
Desert Test Center out of Army AT. By
the way, if um if if if anybody's
listening who's interested in Battel, go
look at who spearheads the West Desert
Test Center, Mr. Ryan W. Harris, who has
a background of working for projects for
the Ditra and Battel. So, go start
looking at that a little bit.
>> Interesting.
>> But at the West,
>> Battel co-manages Dougway proving
grounds. Is that
>> they do a lot of work there on on CBRN
stuff, specifically biological stuff.
That's why there's so many stories about
uh specifically biologics being held at
at at Dougway proving ground. And
speaking of, this is what is uh this is
in the cafeteria at the West Desert Test
Center. And I I'll send you that so you
can put it.
>> Yeah, we'll pop it up. Whoa.
>> They do this stuff right in your face.
>> That's so crazy. And this looks so
realistic, too.
>> And you got the three fingers.
>> Yeah.
>> Really trippy.
>> So,
>> I can't tell if it has if there's a
thumb there, if it's just three
fingered. Wow. As far as Dougway goes,
uh there's there's one guy I've spoken
to and he's in my Dougway video who's
had a a firsthand encounter at Dougway
Proving Ground. Goes by the name. Yeah.
Goes by the name
>> firstand encounter uh with a being or
with a craft undergoing undergoing uh
various testing mechanisms. So
>> he was a contractor for I can't oh gosh
the names escaping me. But not like a a
not like a Locky Martin, just like a
standard contractor that does operations
and maintenance at at Dougway. And in
the Avery section, which is right by the
uh 308 Range Squadron, I want to say,
right by their airirst strip at the uh
Dougway proving ground, he's doing
electrical meter reading, and he goes
inside a facility, and within that
facility, which is out in the middle of
nowhere on Avery, there's a a craft in a
very in what's seemingly going in a
state of disassembling. At the bottom
area of this craft that looks like a a
symmetrical top across its x-axis,
there's a p like what seems to be like a
panel or a part removed where there's
like an inverted cone. It kind of
reminds me of the like the reactor Bob
kind of Bob Lazar kind of talks about.
But he's immediately held at gunpoint by
uh Induc personnel and taken to you know
the another area ditto where he's kind
of debriefed and and threatened and and
since that he met with one of the chief
scientists at Dougway. This is a guy who
has a very real name. I'm I've I know
the name now and I'm I'm trying to track
this guy down, but this is a real person
who informed this individual MS of the
massive stiff or subterranean facility
below Dougway, including the the
specific entrance, which I'll I'll send
you a picture of, which is just west of
Granite Peak, which has all sorts of
weird radar rays by the 388th Range
Squadron and um uh to the uh northwest
of Dougway German Village. It's just a
tiny It's just a tiny little structure
out in the middle of nowhere. And
apparently this is an elevator down if
if anybody because it's in vogue right
now. If anybody's watching Stranger
Things um in the newest season of of
Stranger Things where 11 is taken down
to the secret lab, the secret facility,
it's just like a literal shed in the
middle of nowhere in the middle of the
desert. Similar thing. What's an
interesting detail is that for
apparently for above ground testing, uh
a bunch of portaotties are sometimes
moved to this region. super weird detail
because another contractor I spoke to
out at Dougway who was active as
recently as 2019 to 2022 I want to say
would talk about it's so strange
sometimes in the middle of nowhere in
Dougway there will just be a bunch of
random portaotties so it seems like
there's this weird connection maybe
there's above ground testing of
derivative technologies or assets uh
that of course you know facilities are
brought out for people this guy the
second contractor he maintained
relationships with a bunch of quote
unquote grey beards at Dougway he
guessed these guys are Battel but they
don't wear bad they don't say, "Hello,
my name is Jeffrey. I'm from Battel
Memorial Institute or Lockheed Martin."
Uh, one his do his gray beard babysitter
who would kind of have to walk him
through would always appear fatigued
after sometimes he he'd meet him and
this guy would when he would appear
fatigued. Um, this person I this friend
of mine would say, "Hey, you know what
happened? Why are you so tired?" He
would say, "Oh, we had the triangles out
again last night."
>> And so this guy was saying that they
were would stay out all night doing
triangle testing. Whoa, crazy. And you
trust this guy?
>> The the the MS guy who saw the craft.
Absolutely. The second guy who's a
contractor. I don't really have a reason
not to to trust him yet. He has supplied
me with uh his photo ID badge of his
contractor time at at Dougway. I've
shown me direct evidence that he worked
out there. I' I've I have no reason not
to trust that guy.
>> Wow. [sighs and gasps]
And and Doug Way for just basic context
for the audience. So it's in it's in
Utah, right? And it they call it Area 52
and it's sort of dubbed that.
>> They call it Area 52, but I don't like
when people call it Area 52. Area 52 is
the tonap test range. Ton of test range
is literally named Area 52.
>> Oh, interesting. And then Dougway, are
there rumors that some assets were moved
from Area 51 in the '90s? There
>> starting in 1990s, because there was a
large article, uh, I can't, it might
have been Popsai or Pop Mechanics. It
was a huge expose on like Area 51 and
how assets might have been moved over to
Area 52, this mysterious new place in
Dougway. What's interesting about that
article is I have some pictures of it in
one of my videos. The article has a
bunch of pictures of like I think like
either SR71 or F17A Nighthawk, but also
has a sticky note on it that says like
call Bobby Ray Inman. It's super it's a
super weird meta thing. Whoa. But even
like Edgar Fuche, whose primary
testimony in 1998 revolves around um the
TR3B talks about hey you know a lot of
projects were moved out to Dougway
proven route. It makes sense uh le more
less high-profile but I I but what's
weird to me is that the Nevada test and
training range would have better
infrastructure to house such programs.
As far as I understand, there's numerous
sites across the NTR that can house
craft underground facilities, uh, even
helicopters, possibly even hanger bays
built into the side of mountains or
floors. Do you think that some of these
defense bases are colllocated
deliberately
with, and this is going to sound really
trippy, but like natural portals or
something? And the reason I ask this is
because Area 51 itself was formed at the
Nevada Test Site or next to the Nevada
Test Site. Nevada test site was the site
of the most domestic atomic tests in the
early 50s. If you read, you know, Robert
Hastings UFOs and nukes. Where do UFOs
show up most? It's around nuclear sites.
All the first crashes are around either
high power radar or nuclear sites. you
know, Roswell, site of the, you know,
largest nuclear stockpile in the US.
There's an emergency meeting in 1949, I
think, at at killing, um, you know, that
Robert Hastings also writes about
between basically, you know, I think
Army counter intel, you know, Air Force
Office of Special Investigations, you
know, CIA, like they're freaking out
around UFOs showing up all over nuclear
sites.
>> And then you have the Jake Barber
testimony where it's like there's some
sort of mental connection, you know,
with the UFO. And so if I were studying
UFOs, I would look for places that are
weird to begin with, like Skinwalker
Ranch. And maybe Skinwalker Ranch is
like the limited hangout version of
this, you know, and I would put my
defense stuff there, and I would try to
engage in the weird UFO [__] where it's
already kind of happening.
>> Well, correct me if I'm wrong. Didn't
Jake Barber talk about some of the like
light orbs or weird non really
physically identifiable craft he'd see
over the range would like almost
phase into mountains or like disappear
in rock formations.
>> Yes. And you have uh Ross Colthart doing
his investigative research at Bradshaw
Ranch in Sedona, Arizona. We have all
this weird stuff. I think it's like
supposedly associated with the
university, but you have all these kind
of armed guards there, you know, and
it's and you and they and multiple
people in the area see the crafts going
into this mountain and Sentinels of
Ether talks about that too, Jake
Barber's book. So, I'm wondering if
>> there's this weird colllocation of like
paranormal stuff is already happening at
this place. Let's study it and
instantiate it, you know, and and and
and house it in some official defense
capacity.
>> Yeah. I think I think there's probably
three possibilities and they're all
super likely and they probably all are a
thing. You house these sites by already
weird locations with activity. You know,
maybe if that 4chan whistleblower is to
be believed and there's places within
the Bahamas that that large hamburger
shaped mother ship that 3D prints UFOs
to spec houses. Gosh, I don't know.
Maybe
>> they say the Bahamas,
>> I think. Yeah, like Bermuda, I think, is
an area of frequence. Well, gosh, it
would make sense to have
>> Well, you have magnetic anomalies there.
A tech is in the Bahamas weapons
testing.
>> Makes sense to have that there.
>> Yeah.
>> And then that's that's one thing that's
probably true. Two, that's probably
true. Put these installations in the
middle of nowhere so you can bring the
triangles out where people aren't around
for hundreds of miles. And three, hide
stuff in plain sight.
>> I wouldn't be surprised if there are
access to stiffs, uh, SAP FS that are
literally in corporate parks or shopping
centers.
>> Interesting. Do you have any anything
specific there that you're thinking
about?
>> Not specifics I want to talk about, but
I just I wouldn't be surprised if you
know in the future if if more locations
are spoken about that some of these
places are in like in plain sight.
>> Do you think there's anything near LAX?
>> Uh maybe. Well, yeah. Yeah, cuz it's
it's near like it it's very close to the
Antelope Valley and and in in Los
Angeles there's numerous FFRDC's,
numerous locations and DoD defense
laboratories. I would not be surprised
if there's a large infrastructure
underground there. How many UFOs do you
think are sitting in hangers across the
United States?
>> I don't know if if you look to the what
uh Barber spoke about before he went
public, he would say over his specific
range 1 to two a year. That number seems
high for me. It seems that seems quite
high. Maybe he also meant that they were
downing derivative vehicles to test
their hardness to the dog whistle and
the uh weird
>> or one to two a year might include just
random material that isn't like a whole
craft
>> or intake from other locations that they
h can have the infrastructure to house
the craft in there
>> and how put off I think stated a number
on Joe Rogan. I think he lit
>> you say like 12 to 15 I think something
like that.
>> I think that's low.
>> That seems a little low to me too.
>> 40 to 50.
>> Okay. maybe 50 to 100 because I do think
there's validity to the the US has
constructed offensive weaponry against
UFOs. You know, if we look at the Aztec
crash case, you Chris Ramsey and me also
all think extremely highly of.
>> Yes. Uh one of the prevailing theories
is that the uh the lashup radar network
which was constructed over uh New Mexico
to protect against Soviet bomber attacks
which by the way Jay. Andrew Kner spoke
about high-powered radar facilities
messing with the UFOs and in his 1994
disclosures. But one of the prevailing
Aztec theories is that these super
high-owered really weird radar networks,
there might have been highintensive
microwave systems that messed with the
craft and brought it down. And then in
uh fast forward to 1983, I think there's
an argument that could be made that in
the uh strategic defense initiative or
Star Wars program under Ronald Reagan
that the lethality and target hardening
program or the particle beam weapons
program were meant to be space-based
systems that utilized microwave weaponry
to to shoot down UFOs. Well, this was
the weirdest part of the Malmgrren story
that I, you know, again, I hold him in
super high esteem and I I think there's
a lot of weirdness around. I feel like
there was a coordinated information
operation to kind of take him out to be
honest. They changed his Wikipedia page.
>> Yeah, that Yeah, that was ugly. the the
the blog post was like we asked XYZ
person and they hadn't heard of him over
and over again, which is like you're
talking about like this knock who like
is was clearly like I I don't doubt his
connections for a second. The guy was
connected at extremely elite levels. He
knew a lot of very interesting people
and I think he was in a lot of the rooms
that he said he was in.
>> Yeah.
>> So I think that was kind of kind of um
you know BS. So, but the weirdest part
of Malgrim's testimony, which didn't
even occur directly with me, he was
apparently again final few days on his
deathbed speaking to Pipa, his daughter,
>> and he told her that he had seen an
interview with the surviving or one of
the surviving alien beings from Roswell,
which is fascinating, like like a
recorded interview with this being
>> and that the being suggested
that we use like high our radar to take
out crafts.
>> Yeah.
>> And then you get into these weird like
are we in some sort of like are we being
used in some sort of like as a proxy in
like a larger cosmic war between these
extraterrestrial beings.
>> And he was involved I believe in the
strategic defense initiative. Yeah. And
and if you look at Bluegill Triple Prime
>> it was kind of a proto SDI strategic
defense initiative thing that he was
doing. It was missile defense. Missile
defense was this big issue at the time
because you couldn't really kinetically
like, you know, we didn't have like
interceptors that could like knock into
like, you know, like like Russia Soviet
missiles. And so, uh, you know, in in
that case, it was like this X-ray burst
that would like take out the surrounding
missiles. Really interesting. There's
this like Rand Corporation paper, I
think, kind of scoping it out before
they actually executed on it. uh in ' 63
>> and SIC was up to the the gills working
on on those programs as well for SDI.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They were one of the
largest contractors, right, for SDI.
>> What's interesting to me is that there
there are some theories out there that
the actual idea for SDI originated with
Eisenhower, not Reagan.
>> And then of course what was established
under Eisenhower? Well, the NRO. You
know, there's a theory that could be
constructed that as soon as we got the
NRO up there with their taking over the
Corona satellite program and all sorts
of keyhole satellites, they immediately
started getting a bunch of imagery and
signals intelligence of a bunch of UFOs.
>> Yeah. Well, now you have Beatatric Bale
coming out, this peer-reviewed paper.
It's this is wild to me because it's
like you academia has nothing to say and
and kudos to, you know, Brian Keading
who's actually usually kind of more on
the anti-UFO side, but he's like, you
know, this has to be contended with. You
have Sabina Hosenfeld. There are a few
people with real credentials and, you
know, larger platforms saying Beatatric
Variel, who's Stockholm University, you
know, uh, astronomer with actually a
physics background as well. She the
Palomar plates. Palmar is this
observatory in um California. It was the
most prominent observatory in use in the
50s between 49 and 57 pre-sputnik going
up into space. You have over a 100,000
transients, light reflecting objects.
>> It's insane. And nobody has a good
debunk to this day, you know, and it's
peer-reviewed.
>> And isn't there data that Donald Menzel
in the the Menzel the Menzel plates, he
was one of the ones kind of stripping
some of these plates out? Not only is
there like that a rumor that is from a
book by Dorret Hofflight who became a
respected astronomer in her own right uh
was was at Harvard with uh uh Donald
Menzel and and writes about this. And by
the way, Donald Menzel not only held
extremely high clearances in just about
every agency you could you know name, he
was rumored to be, you know, Majestic
12. Um I believe Kennedy while he was at
Harvard had an interest in like
astrophysics and so he had some you know
relationship with Don Menzel but Don
Menzel was also head of the and I always
botched this but the the the earliest
version of NIST so it's like the the
Bureau of like standards in the US so
it's like like you know the the the
organization that like creates like the
the uh you know encryption standards and
like you know like the you know decides
that we're not going on the metric
system or whatever like the kind of the
most reality management style job you
could think of and he's the guy caught
destroying plates by somebody who's very
reputable Dor at Hofflight. So yeah,
it's weird. And there were only like
there there weren't that many uh
observatories in, you know, at the time
that were even functioning. And so I
think if you get one other observatory
to do like if it's if it's pretty
correlated, they have transients also
from 1949, 1957 that m line up with what
Beatatric finds. To me, that's like game
over for disclosure. Literally like
you're talking about like light
reflecting objects that aren't comets,
meteoroids, you know, meteors,
asteroids. It's not satellites. Like
she's clearly debunked all of that
enough to like the, you know, average
astronomer for them to like peer review
it. And like that seems like a, you
know, an easy first order debunk that
she's getting around. So this is crazy
news.
>> And already the armchair debunk is to
say it was project mogul balloons.
>> Yeah. Is that Did somebody say that?
That's absurd. Yeah. They're just going
back to the Roswell playbook. Oh my god.
>> Yeah, that Yeah, that Beatric is doing
the Lord's work right now.
>> It's amazing.
>> Let me ask you this cuz you were talking
about the number of crashs that have
crashed. Craft that have crashed. If you
had to rank, let's just say your top
five UFO crash approval events and and
and favorite most credible just
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Most credible. What would you say
those are? Your top five?
>> I would say I would say put Aztec up
there for sure. You have five witnesses.
You have the lashup radar system. you
have, you know, clear obstruction with
Silus Newton and and Leo Gabauer and
stuff. So, I'd put that up there. I
would now put Magenta uh up there. And I
don't know, you know, depending on when
this comes out, I'll either tease here
now or this will will have come out
already, but Maronei
>> who invented the radio. Yeah. This is
like getting like Oenheimimer's like,
you know, offspring saying that he
worked on UFOs. Marone's grandson, I was
able to track him down and get an
interview. He's a prince, Prince
Maronei. And he was like, "My
grandfather was on cabinet RS33, this
cabinet with Mussolini, and they were
working on the extraterrestrial issue."
In 1933, the Italian government set up
uh this uh group, the secret research uh
33 cabinet where Maronei was the uh
chair was the president and Enrico
Ferimi was the vice president and they
made some searches and studies on this
phenomenon because 1953 uh they say that
in VZA north of Italy there were some
apparitions of so-called UFOs.
>> So
>> in Magenta, Italy or do you know where
specifically? Uh, V. It's north uh, east
Italy. Northeast. Yes, V. It's north of
Milan.
>> Uh, in Lombardi and between Lumbodi and
Venetian land.
>> He couldn't go much deeper than that,
but that's fascinating. You would now
have archival, you know, stuff that
corroborates RS33 existing and, you
know, so, so I think the mag and then
you have David Grush who to me I hold in
highest esteem when it comes to a UFO
whistleblower. So, I I would put magenta
up there. Now, um I really like the '9s
Brook Haven crash. I think that's really
fantast. Yeah, it's a great case.
>> There's a really interesting testimony
from a sheriff around that that, you
know, I think is very strong. And then I
I to me it pattern matches because they
have Cosmatron, the particle
accelerator. I think particle
accelerators and nuclear seem to attract
UFOs. So, I think that's up there for
me. I would say Kexsburg with the Eric
Walker, you know, connection I think is
really fascinating. Um, and then as a
final one, I don't know. Uh,
you know, I I'm interested in the 1897
one. I don't think there's a ton of
evidence. Yeah, I don't think there's a
ton of evidence. I mean, that wouldn't
be one of my highest kind of conviction
ones.
>> Uh, I don't know. What would you say
beyond beyond that?
>> Uh, definitely uh Aztec and Magenta. I'm
right there with you. Uh, Kexsburg as
well. I love the 1974 Coyame New Mexico
crash. There's not a ton of supporting
evidence, but the story there if true is
very very disturbing and also pretty
interesting just the way that apparently
the DEB report is a CIA directed like
logistics plan like the OGA would do to
uh gather rapid reaction teams and
assets to go retrieve the CF craft as
well as providing overhead intelligence
of the Mexican team trying to get the
craft. That's a great case. Apparently
the Mexican team was either killed by a
CBR or by a like leak within the craft
or the Americans killed him, which is
far more likely in my opinion. Yeah,
>> maybe that ties over in the Sentinels of
Ether. Uh, we'll kill other soldiers in
Coyame, Mexico.
>> Why? Oh, interesting. Yeah, you might
have been writing about that
cryptically. I'm going to I'm going to,
by the way, I'm going to go with five as
way because I
>> Yes. Okay. I was going to say Yeah, up
there. Wan's up there.
>> Uh, there's a ton of rich stories
alive. Like that's rare. I'm thinking
about like one through four. You don't
have anybody alive talking about the
retrieve like Wigant. I mean, that seems
like super. You have a person who was
part of the retrieval and then,
>> you know, I think that the Jake Barber
thing is really interesting as well. I
just I want more details there. I wish
he could I wish he could have shared
more.
>> He's said
he's held back more than he said,
>> which is frustrating. But as a as
another one, I'd throw in Kingman, of
course, with Dr. Wang.
>> Oh, yeah. Kingman. Kingman's a great I
would put that up there, too. and how
Steinman writes about Wang also being
involved with the Aztec crash and how
Wang is this figure that you know you
can never really track down besides some
right pad stuff. He died pretty early
on. What an what an incredible it's it's
a that's an amazing story. So you have
um Operation Upshot Knole which was a a
test in 1953. I think it was Nevada test
site right or
>> Arizona.
>> It was Arizona.
>> I thought it was Nevada but it the crash
ended up occurring in Kingman.
I think you're right. Yeah, it occurred
just AC. Yeah,
>> it was close. But yeah. Um and then
that's like Arthur Stansel.
>> Yep. Who was who has records to show him
>> at Right Pat right airfield at the time.
>> Yeah. And Operation Upshot Hole.
>> And Operation Upshot N was there. And
they were testing like I I believe part
of Operation Upshot Hole was like how
the surrounding environment would get
affected by these detonations.
>> It would blast nukes from artillery.
>> It's crazy. And it was like surrounding
neighborhoods. What happens? It was like
really crazy. That was about the time
we'd we'd blow up atomic weapons and
send in army regiments right after the
blast.
>> So nuts, man. So, so yeah. So, he is
then like what is he like blindfolded
and he's like he's like drives like into
Kingman, Arizona and then he sees like a
little being in a in a in a cot or
something that
>> it's like a makeshift tent that there's
a tiny little brownish bean possibly
charred and mangled cuz he was sent in
to do uh ballistic trajectory analysis.
That's right. because the craft had
theoretically impacted at incredible
speeds and disrupted much of the
surrounding area, but the craft itself
wasn't damaged.
>> And the craft itself, I think, looked
like two pans like fused together. And
and so Arthur Stanel, yeah, on record at
right Pat and then here's what's really
interesting. Eric Henry Wing is this
sort of famed guy who's head of special
projects at right right airfield and I
believe he studied uh in Vienna with
Victor Shaberger.
>> Yes, he did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. really
interesting this famous kind of Austrian
you know naturalist who believed in this
impeller propulsion system and had his
own flying saucer designs
>> and there's this question of like did
Eric Henry Wang exist and you have some
evidence that maybe he did exist for oh
yes he no he he existed he existed if
you look through the DTick the defense
technical information center you can
find actual um you can find uh old
engineering documents with air Henry
weighing on it but we might have a kind
of break in the case of actually finding
photos of Eric Henry Wing at Wright
Patterson back in the 1950s. If we can
do that, I I think that would be get
those photos and actually put kind of a
face to the name and location and
location, that's going to open up new
evidence of exploring Wang.
>> Big and I was I was maybe playing a
little koi. I could say definitively he
was real cuz I have a researcher friend
who's in touch with his daughter now. So
like yeah, he was he was a real guy. And
then here's what's really interesting
about that uh uh William Steyman book
Aztec. He says uh um that Eric Henry
Wang was erased from the internet. He
was the only guy that when Steinman
because Steinman was a great researcher.
He would go knocking on everybody's door
and he was trying to figure out what was
up with this Eric Henry Wing guy who was
head of special projects at Wright
Airfield then gets moved to Kirtland Air
Force Base
>> and he's like who is this guy?
>> Yeah. Now Sandia. And so he's like
what's going on with this guy? And he
keeps getting these slaps on the wrist
like don't look at him. Don't look at
him. He goes, "I figured out he reported
to a guy named Hak."
>> Yep.
>> And guess who HK is?
>> Kissinger.
>> Yeah, it's Henry A. Kissinger.
>> And there was like a source that uh
Steman was talking to had information
about Wang that went cold on him and
>> all that. Well, he showed up Maria Wing,
I believe. He he met his wife
>> and Maria Wing like Yeah, I think it
flipped on him or something.
>> Steinman is a treasure. Can we the Aztec
book how Steinman went to Colorado
through court records to find out how
Gabaua and Silus Newton were were
unfairly attacked in their court case is
a astonishing. you know, uh, Silus
Newton and Leo Gabbau were convicted of
fraud for perpetuating a doodlebug
device, which has very real, uh,
historical significance in anti-marine
warfare detection in World War II by,
um, spearheaded by Vanavar Bush. But
that even in their court case, there was
a a a similar not the same device
supplanted into the court case to kind
of frame them as cooks and frauds. And
Steinman did all of this. He went
through he was also a pioneer um,
talking to Eric Walker. He was he was a
pioneer on on numerous cases,
>> numerous cases. And and even Scully, you
know, the case behind the flying saucer,
like the, you know, kind of original
like archetypal UFO book that that
outlines this kind of Aztec crash,
>> he was trusted with a lot of like
celebrity sort of like really sensitive
information. And so whoever Dr. G was
this sort of like, you know, um,
>> consortium of scientists.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> All of whom worked on anti-ubmarine
programs under Vanavar Bush.
>> So wild. So wild. Yeah. Scott and
Suzanne Ramsay have really they deserve
all the credit for digging up this like
kind of like short list of like eight to
nine scientists that likely are being
represented in this pseudonym Dr. G.
Yeah.
>> And they're getting in touch with with
Silus Newton. Silus Newton, by the way,
was worth, I don't know if you know
this, $20 million at the time.
>> Really rich oil man.
>> Yeah. So that's like a few hundred
million now.
>> Yeah. And pro golfer, too.
>> I didn't know that.
>> Yeah. It was like a pro or semi-pro
golfer. So, no reason to lie about, you
know, no reason to con anybody with a
doodle bug. No reason to lie about a UFO
crash. Like,
>> but also in their court case, uh, Gabbor
and and Newton summoned multiple
witnesses who spoke to the doodlebug's
efficacy and finding oil deposits under
their system. I can't remember the exact
acronym. I think it was like MAP or
something, but like a magnetic uh
resonance thing to to detect detect
cavities underground that they actually
found success with.
>> Yeah. Interesting. Well, I know he was
really interested in magnetism.
>> Yes. Yeah. Yes. And and uh Silus Newton
in his diaries would talk about Wilbur
B. Smith, Canadian radio engineer who
spearheaded Canada's first uh project on
UFOs who was told by Robert Sarbacher,
you know, consultant to the defense
research board spearheaded by Vanavar
Bush that UFOs existed that their modus
operandi was unknown but efforts were
going under Vanavar Bush to study them
and it was the most highly kept secret
in the United States government
classified even higher than the
Manhattan project. all these sort of
interconnected things that are so
interesting.
>> So interesting. I think Yeah. I wonder
if one of these people, you know, like
Sarbacher has a son. Yeah. And I wonder
if we could get in touch with
>> I'd like to I always try and talk to
people's kids. Like I've tried to get in
contact with Dr. Eric Walker's kids.
>> Yeah.
>> Just no avail. Don't hear anything.
>> So what are all of the locations in the
US that you think house UFOs? So it
seems like if we're looking at the
continental United States, there's a
there's a big divide, right? There's the
there's the west of the country, which
has lower population density, which uh
seems more suitable to um RDT&E work,
research, development, test, and
evaluation. You have massive ranges,
Dougway, and the Nevada Test and
Training Range on which you could test
derivative technologies. If we're
looking out east, I of course we talked
about the Attek Atlantic Undersea Test
and Evaluation Command, which is a Navy
major range and test facility base. uh
Puxen River as well. Um I think
whistleblower Matthew Brown talked about
Amentum hangers at at uh at Puxen River
housing some anomalous stuff and
remember EG&NG eventually transitioned
into Puxen River. Wasn't um Sal Py also
Pax River?
>> Yeah, he was at Pax River when he filed
his patents.
>> Yeah. And his patent seemed like how a
UFO might work.
>> Yeah, like an internal mass production
triangular craft.
>> Yeah, that that's weird. And with with
Matthew Brown, I'm not sure I agree with
him about a momentum hangers. Uh part of
what I part of what I have come to to
strongly believe and and would contest
with that statement is I think the
owners of the hangers are are FFRDC's.
They're the ones who manage it. MITER
hanger. Yes. But this is part of a
theory I have about why the Kona Blue
PAP failed. I I think there's a very
strict chain of command of people say
legacy programs have no oversight. I
disagree completely. I think they have
alternative oversight that is extremely
strictly managed. And I don't think
contractors are necessarily allowed to
have hangers storing craft. I think it
is the FFRDC's because it's that go-k
operated governmentowned contractor
operated method that you know if crap
really hits the fan the USG can take
possession of it if it needs to. And you
you wouldn't think the DoD or IC would
allow technologies and craft of unknown
origins to sit in contractor hands uh
uncontested. But so Pax River uh I'd
imagine MITER has uh quite a bit of
involvement out there in Pax River. Uh
the big the crown jewel of out east is
Crystal City in in Virginia. There was
one firsthand uh legacy guy, a friend of
mine I was speaking to once and he said
that the answer to most of what you're
looking for is in Crystal City,
Virginia. Really? Crystal City houses
eight of 10 of the US's biggest uh
defense contractors, numerous FFRDC's.
>> Is Crystal City in Arlington or?
>> Yeah, near Arlington. Um, and then of
course you got that Chantilly region
with the NRO headquarters and SEIC
headquarters and and and all that. But I
imagine uh I imagine Crystal City is
likely where
I guess the the the lifeblood of legacy
programs is executed, the framework, the
agreements, um what contractors are
rotated through, what programs are are
rotated through, where you know a lot of
the bigot list access is is handled.
>> And isn't John Peterson based out there
the kind of the Arlington Institute?
Yeah. Yeah.
>> Futuristic studies or whatever.
>> Of course, BDM Mlane was out there where
the advanced theoretical physics working
group was held and
>> interesting. So that's where that group
was with Haluto off and Oki Shannon kind
of looking into UFOs.
>> And then I under Washington DC, the
Pentagon, I I have reason to believe
there's a very large underground
facility, not the NMCC, the national
something command center, the NMCC. It's
not that. It's a it's a massive facility
deep beneath the Pentagon uh that likely
houses some sort of of very clandestine
office that at least in in in years past
would manually process um readon access
to USAPS a weird place deep under deep
under the Pentagon. There's some
interesting data to confirm this its
existence and and but it's of course
it's still contested
uh out and then of course lastly we have
the Y12 complex in Oakidge Tennessee
>> which hey Sean Kirkpatrick why did you
run to Oakidge after after you fled from
Arrow why did your position which was
like uh you know director for
intelligence programs at Oakidge why
something similar to that why was that
pulled off their page and why in 2025
has Sean Kirkpatrick's LLC nonlinear
solution subcontracting subcontracting
under MITER for US Spacecom.
>> Yeah. What's so clear that Arrow was
like basically counterint
sort of said this on this last
weaponized podcast, but it's like
>> I mean I think Glenn Gaffne, who's the
director of science and technology for
for the CIA, was on the board of Arrow.
Like it might still be for all I know.
You know, it's just sort of
>> it's like yeah, like the Carile group or
Ronald Moltry of the Carile group
helping set up Arrow and he and Sean
Kirkpatrick are kind of smirking at each
other saying there's nothing to UFOs.
>> And speaking of somebody scrubbing their
resume, you pointed this out in a great
video. Ronald Moltry uh you know the
basically created the opaces under which
Arrow was created also uh was board
director of Battel Memorial Institute
and and deleted that off his LinkedIn.
Scrubbed it.
>> Scrubbed it and part of the Carile
group.
>> Yeah, that's right. I think you I think
don't quote me on it but I'm almost
positive he was also part of MITER.
>> That's crazy.
>> MITER will show up everywhere and
anywhere with Sean Kirkpatrick. I'm not
sure if he had exposure to legacy
programs before his work at Arrow. One
could probably argue with his positions
in um in in spacecom and with
intelligence he might have been exposed
to uh programs of imit or sigen
satellites and overhead collection
platforms actually collecting UFOs.
There's a big misconception there. By
the way, people think that like the
overhead satellites, you know, NRO
satellite satellites are just picking up
live feeds of UFOs. No, this stuff is
all parsed into data. All the data is
transmitted from the satellites
electronically. So, a program like
Immaculate Constellation or a legacy
program satellite because Immaculate
Constellation isn't a legacy program. It
was a it was a reactionary US app
established in 2017 would clip out data
that would probably depict anomalies
like a UFO and sequester it into MCOM or
another legacy program site. So, who
knows if uh Sean Kurpatre had previous
exposure to UFO legacy programs, but a
strong argument could be made that
whilst he was head of Arrow, he was uh
he was retroactively briefed into
various aspects of legacy programs, so
he would know what to lie about in the
historical report.
>> Yeah. And the I think the larger point
is like there's just such a conflict of
interest. Like if you have some
independent review board like for the
people of the US around whether there is
non-human intelligence any of this stuff
exists. Don't pick the guy who at 17 won
a you know an award from the DOE from
the department of energy at Brook Haven
National Labs and ever since has been
doing contract work in that area. Like
pick somebody who's going to be
impartial. It's senior research
scientist to SIC to
>> yeah there
you know specifically I think back to
then you must ask the question what did
Arrow lie about in that testimony. One
specific specific example we know for a
fact that was lied about in Arrow
historical report volume one was Michael
Herrera's testimony.
>> Uh we actually pride his MFR from Arrow
his memorandum for record because the
Arrow historical report said Herrera
spoke about an extraterrestrial
spacecraft in US special forces neither
of which he uh he spoke about. So if
Sean Kirkpatrick was retroactively
briefed into parts of legacy programs
just to know enough to you know
obfuscate the report that means was if
he lied about Herrera's testimony was
did he does he have knowledge of uh
direct action crash retrieval personnel?
>> Interesting. Yeah. And you have meetings
you have pictures of him in like a
meeting with Brandon Fugal giving like
>> oh the woman you know
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. weird kind
of look over his shoulder at the guy
who's taking the photo of him. Yeah. And
um you know, so clearly he was being
briefed on some of this stuff, you know,
earlier than he likes to admit.
>> And anybody who talks to him says he's
awful.
>> Yeah.
>> Repugnant.
>> And he seems like he just um you know,
you mentioned this as well in your
video. He will adamantly say
extraterrestrial. He will never say
nonhuman
>> where Oh, yeah. Maybe we don't have a
smoking gun that these things are from
another specific planet.
>> Yeah. Remember that David Grush B-roll
footage with Ross Colt when he speaks
about biologics? He says presumably
extraterrestrial but not a for sure
confirmation.
>> That's why they say non presumably
extraterrestrial but not for sure.
>> Yeah. No, I mean I think it's hard to
know. I I think maybe the biggest
misconception of all in this whole
disclosure conversation is the idea that
the government has a monopoly on
metaphysical truth, right? Like they
have there's somebody there who like has
this core theory of how the world works
that is way more accurate than somebody
on the outside. I think they have a ton
of asymmetric data on this issue for
sure and we are a lot of it is worthy of
disclosure and this needs to be you know
outside of stuff that's like extremely
you know like weaponizable at like low
cost or whatever like everything else
should be like completely disclosed.
It's the nature of reality but like we
would still have to piece together the
nature of reality. I don't think the
government's sitting on that. No, it it
seems like their entire, as David Grush
says, asymmetrical uh warfare advantages
and feudalistic dominance. Yes, that's
what they they're not out there uh
philosophizing as to like the larger
truths of these beings. As speaking of
Sean Kurpatre, I'm reminded to when
Susan Go was asked if by a foyer
researcher or somebody if they could
amend her statement about no
extraterrestrials to include non-human
intelligence, to which she said, "No,
you absolutely cannot amend my statement
to include we have no evidence of
non-human intelligence." What a piece of
work.
The woman who controls the lease of
Shunk or Patrick.
>> Well, if that's not a tell, I don't know
what is. Like that's that's crazy. That
shows a lot of insecurity,
>> right? But we were talking about
facilities.
>> She ran SCOP stuff.
>> Yeah. She wrote papers on SCOPS just
like Sean Kirkpatre wrote papers on uh
influence of people in like social
networks and stuff. It's like social
engineering sort of
>> just like Arrow hired uh San Corp to
which specializes in insider threat
protection whistleblower leaks. Tim
Phillips went blabbering on a podcast
saying Sanorp was hired to connect Arrow
to subject matter experts. That's not in
Sand Corp scope of operations. So I I
I'm not sure I believe that. But yeah,
Arrow was doing all sorts of dubious
activities. Don't don't you find
yourself caught though sometimes between
these obfiscators of truth who are
clearly bad actors like everybody we're
just we just mentioned clearly a bad
actor
>> and then some people on the proof side
who also seem like they're at times bad
actors
>> and so it's like this weird you're like
flanked by like bad vibes.
>> It's a minefield.
>> It's a minefield. and and like and then
you ask the question like are we being
led down this path where like the whole
framework of how we're thinking about
this is like messed up because you you
clearly do have bad actors on both
sides.
>> I think so.
>> Yeah. Controlled disclosure that that's
why like if there's one person whose
word I would take at face value it would
be David Grush.
>> Yeah.
>> He does not seem to be giving some sort
of limited disclosure. He seems uh
watching anything with him, you can get
a very clear depiction of what his
character is and how his brain operates
and you can kind of infer exactly why
he's doing what he's doing at great
personal cost to himself. Uh kind of
directly answering as much as he
possibly can, speaking on all aspects of
the subject, you know, non-human
intelligence, presumably
extraterrestrial, uh how these programs
are funded and so forth. Well, I think I
think on the pro per David Grush, most
of the whistleblowers, most of them, and
there's probably some exceptions, uh,
are good actors
>> because Yeah, the whistleblowers a lot
like like the guys especially who like
experienced a thing or like haplessly
were in they were tasked to investigate
a thing like David Grush or they uh, you
know, and they fel they they like fell
into like you know um, seeing things
that they they couldn't look away from
>> or folks on the SSCI. I would put in
that category as well, the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence who were
tasked with investigating this.
>> Absolutely. People like Kirk McConnell
and some other staffers and yeah, who uh
you know definitely knew a lot about
these things and provided a real
pipeline from legacy programs to uh
Congress so that these guys could show
up in skiffs and stuff for sure. And
then at the same time there are all
sorts of weird, you know, guys who like
they pop up in like the pro- UFO world
and then they're they're also doing some
other sketchy stuff in intel world and
you're like
>> yeah yeah limited disclosure uh
promising researchers and and folks
various things and then doing other
things and it's it's just it's it's it's
kind of a mess. It's a mess. And all I'm
saying is it's like I think it's easy to
go after the offiscating guys ad homonym
and then it's harder to go after the pro
guys ad homonym because like I think
both of us are like pro disclosure. Yes.
>> And so I'm like if you're going to be
like a weirdo in like other aspects of
your life but you're like you're pushing
like like the nature of reality are the
stakes. I don't [__] care about your
like other weird [__] I'm not gonna get
caught up in that because I'm gonna get
distracted from the truth if I get
caught up in that.
>> The thing about managing like I think
Carl Nell, you know, who's always been,
you know, to me a good guy and like my
I've enjoyed my interactions with him. I
find him to be extremely intellectually
just brilliant. Um, but he just went on
a podcast and he said disclosure is
dead. I guess the posture that I've got
is that this recent cycle of disclosure
that we might say started in 2017 with
the Navy videos and Lu Xando coming out
and and and as a whistleblower making
various assertions that that um that
cycle of disclosure is effectively ended
with the failure to pass the uh the UAP
disclosure act and with with sort of the
fourth uh or third in a series of
hearings uh on the topic that I I think
increasingly have moved the media less
and less
>> and I think you are going to end up
there if you attempt to do the manage
the manage disclosure thing is the most
cisophian
>> exercise and like I think maybe the most
telling thing in the the the not this
last congressional testimony with Dylan
Borland but the one before that the
closed one with like Alzando Avi Loe and
Eric Davis Eric Davis said the NHI
themselves are controlling disclosure
which is this logic ical fallacy like
how do you control disclosure in a world
where those superior beings exist?
They're obviously going to be managing
the process.
>> Boy, that event was a mess, was it not?
>> That was a total messagraph, the crop
circle or whatever.
>> Gosh. Yeah. And yeah, speaking of Eric
Davis, it's the same thing. I think he's
provided some extremely valuable
intelligence. I I think the fundamental
facts of the Wilson Davis memo are very
true in in the sense that Thomas Wilson
was denied access into uh legacy
programs while deputy director of the
DIA. But then like I believe that Eric
Davis has lied to my face about the the
success of derivative technologies and
alien reproduction vehicles. I I think
he has as close as we are now told me
outright fallacies about that. And
whether it's he's just too proud to
admit that he does doesn't understand
understand the science or more likely in
my opinion it's a classic program
protection strategy. I it it it's a it
seems like with a lot of the mo most
famous characters in in in this sub
space their disclosures come with
strings attached or some things pocketed
away or compartmentalized or halftruth
truths. It's interesting also how like
certain cases are like like with with
Eric Davis he seems like you know I
talked to him about the Aztec crash.
He's just so dogmatically opposed to
that crash
>> right
>> and if you look at that with an open
mind and first principles in fact I
think on the Wikipedia is still Aztec
crash hoax. It is like uh you know
literally in the name and but then if
you look at it with an open mind you
meet Scott and Suzanne Ramsey who are
these really amazing people in North
Carolina independent researchers who
have small business and have poured
>> I I want to say $600,000 plus into this
investigation over decades and they have
so much evidence. I mean I went to the
crash site with them.
>> Yeah.
>> This thing happened. something happened
there. And
>> I don't know if it's dogmatism on Eric
Davis' part. I don't know where he's
coming from or what the deal is, but
>> but then conversely, he he he also is
very pro the 1954 uh Del Rio, Texas
crash incident,
>> which that's a huge can of worms because
there's two crashes there. 1955 Robert
Willingham in Del Rio, Texas and the
1954 Del 1950 Del Rio crash which is
actually Elindio/g
Guerrero, Texas, Mexico, which is only
really talked about in the Eisenhower
briefing document of the Majestic 12
documents. So he'll kind of uh
dogmatically shoot down Aztec but
support a very convoluted case without
much evidence to to support or even
investigate or or chew into it.
>> Yeah, it's tough. I mean, it's funny you
you got me thinking when you asked my
top five crashes like
>> the the confidence level drops off a ton
for me after maybe number seven or eight
or something because you have all these
like Leonard Stringfield cases with like
it's just pseudonyms and you're like I
don't know you know like like even you
know even the Lawrence Liverour thing
you mentioned like you know maybe that
has you know a name attached to it and a
guy in you know 1990 or one or whatever
that you know came out but It's some of
these crashes just feel like really like
I you know the magenta thing I now have
Marone's grandson but we have no living
witnesses of this crash just it's tough
with some of these things.
>> It's the same thing with Ryan Wood's
excellent book Magic Eyes Only. There's
really intriguing cases that you know
likely have some validity to them, but
there's not enough to really sift
through and chew through. There's not
enough people to speak to. There's not
enough named characters. I mean, I'm
sure there's quite a few uh crash
retrievals in in Ryan Wood's book, Magic
Eyes Only, that are legit. There's just
not enough information to parse through
or form a strong opinion on.
>> Yeah, exactly. It's tough. Well, do you
think like this feels like it can't be
containable over a long enough period of
time? Like I guess this brings like this
this this other like kind of more like
deeper onlogical question of like are
there like reality gatekeepers? Like
these crashes happen and like okay,
maybe we have some immaculate
constellation. the NRO has like, you
know, first first access, you know, eyes
on all this stuff. Then maybe you have
some like OGA style thing with through
the CIA. Maybe it's not OGA, you know,
anymore, but like, you know, some rapid
response teams or whatever.
>> Like you have say you have all of that,
you would still expect some really hard
concrete proof in the form of materials
ending up in civilian hands like at some
point soon, you know?
>> Yeah. So, yeah, I would hope so. I I I
don't know how likely it would be that a
bunch of civilians are going to come
upon a crash retrieval. Uh, you know,
maybe most crash retrievals occur today
because the craft are shot down.
>> Do you think that's the case?
>> I think that it's like it's likely many
of them are, but then there's also like
the donation hypothesis of craft left.
>> Yeah. for people and why aren't why are
those left in the middle of the desert
and so forth and and then maritime craft
retrievals that only uh you know like
the Baltic Sea anomaly if that if that's
a craft that only like well equipped
wellunded uh organizations are going to
be able to retrieve and I I genuinely
think that since the 1960 the NRO and
other combat support agencies like the
NGA and then direct action elements like
uh tier one or tier one adjacent assets
and and CIA elements and all sorts of
intelligence and DoD elements will be
first on seen even
even halfway across the world.
>> If there's a if there's a crash in in
India in the in the mountains of India,
I think the US is is going to get there
before any sort of you know local
authorities or local on-site personnel.
>> Do you think like why do you think the
US is so far ahead of other countries
when it comes to disclosure? Like it
feels like Russia, China have said very
little about this stuff. Is it just kind
of an open system, closed system?
>> China, they'll just kill you,
>> right? And also like the I think that
the way
>> but why isn't the because like more
institutional uh components of the
United States have started to push
disclosure.
Why is there no one in China being like
you know maybe this would actually be
good for us to have some sort of like
limited disclosure? Like we talked about
the managed disclosure people in the US.
Why aren't there equivalent?
>> Maybe they're still on the back foot.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Maybe they're still trying to adapt
reverse engineer technologies to their
ISR platforms into airspace. Maybe they
know because of just how spying and
infiltration works that the US is far
more advanced. So if they open up the
can of worms and we have a global
disclosure sure Russia may have a couple
tic tacs up in their mountains and and
and China may have some recovered
vehicles and made some progress in
adapting electrooptic cloaking but they
know that we are the big baddies and if
if the whole can of worms is open we are
positioned as a the global superpower
for the next 10,000 years.
>> Interesting. Yeah. It stands to reason
if if these countries know they're on
the back foot, which of course they
would be because there's been a lot of
political instability in Russia and
China over the years um without the same
sort of of of access and and superpower
leading that we have had. I I mean for
example the the US has been the big bad
political superpower. So you know with
five eyes retrieval groups we have
elements all over the world where if a
craft crashes we probably get first
dibs.
>> Yeah. Do you think, you know, because
you could make a flip side argument to
that, which is like you have strong men
like Putin and Gi X Gi named himself
dictator for life, I think in 2016 or
something
>> where there's this long planning
element, this long time horizon ability
to make decisions. Um, you know, I think
in China it's like reinstate the sort of
celestial empire in 2049, you know. Um
and you know uh you know obviously there
are plans to probably overtake Taiwan in
like you know the next few years maybe
and um and so in the US you you have
like you know this kind of you know
temporary this temp you know that that
gets into office maybe they get two
terms if they're lucky or whatever. Um,
so do do you think you know there's John
Alexander who's in and around UFO lore
like you know up to his neck and he
[snorts]
you know he said that the Majestic 12
you know and like the elite governance
systems around UFOs
>> uh are kind of like uh almost euphemisms
for continuity of government programs.
So this idea that you know I think in
Eisenhower's time you had the 5412
committee which is this inter agency
coordination committee to kind of allow
for plausible deniability if the
president wanted some dirty work done
that he didn't want to be involved with
that turned into I believe the 303
committee the committee of 40 do you
think and then we hear about people like
Dick Cheney Henry Kissinger these types
who like if there was a government
behind the government those guys would
be involved in that government like
Kissinger was doing all sorts of rogue
[__] was playing Nixon like a fiddle.
You could say the same thing with Cheney
visav Bush and American foreign policy.
>> Do you think there's a government behind
our government doing the long time
horizon planning on the UFO issue? pro
probably because in the way legacy
programs work, it's a parallel chain of
of command and parallel chain of
oversight that exists
right next to, you know, the executive
branch, possibly partly within the
executive branch within US DoDIC
systems, self-funded intelligence
agencies. They can do what they want.
They don't adhere to the whims of the
president. Um, so by all intents and
purposes, these these, you know, if you
look at Katherine Austin Fitz talking
about 17 to 21 trillion embedded in the
US black budget just since like the
1990s alone, these the legacy programs
are better funded, better technology,
more powerful than the United States
government. So this essentially is a a
shadow government and like a deep state
for all intents and purposes. And maybe
that is also why uh Russia and China are
far behind us on the topic. there seems
to be far more a far more homogeneous
group within them. You know, uh Xi
Jinping and Putin are like the monolith
of those countries. They are those two
are probably spearheading their own
respective countries reverse engineering
and retrieval programs. The US, I mean
our our government is kind of on its
heels against this parallel system that
can control these programs that can
harness US assets whenever it wants in
theater or at home. uh can fire on other
blue assets and can fund itself better
and faster and can infiltrate anywhere
and can deploy men at arms. It's just
it's a it's a very it's very disturbing
the implications of the power of legacy
programs.
>> Yeah. So we we mentioned a lot of these
places that probably house UFOs and you
talk about historical corroboration for
that. Um what about places in the United
States that house alien bodies? Are you
confident in any of those locations? pro
m by its description that would probably
be Dougway.
>> Okay,
>> that'd probably be the one of the
biggest places as well as maybe like
Fort Dietrich, Maryland.
>> Uh wherever there's Battel and some of
Battel's like biological focused
FFRDC's. I can't remember the acronyms
right now, but wherever Battel is
located, I would highly uh believe that
these are the places that where bodies
are are stored. You know, historically
bodies were kept on ice at Wright
Patterson flown from Roswell. With the
evolution of legacy programs, there are
probably
there, which is very scary to think
about, there are probably laboratories
that house deceased non-human biologics.
>> Are you in touch with anybody who has
seen an alien body?
>> Yeah. And and what do they say about the
bodies?
>> Well, and are they cryionically frozen
or like these people weren't like
abducted? They're like seen in a
government context
>> like these bodies are being retrieval.
>> Yeah. What always or during a crash,
>> what always comes up is the the the gray
aliens.
It's a very like the wraparound eyes,
almond shaped heads, large black eyes,
gray tan brownish skin. It that's it's
that's the common term
>> specifically in an egg.
>> Yeah.
>> In a in a in a manned egg that somebody
was present for a retrieval for.
>> So, what about not on a retrieval? What
about these bodies stored in military
facilities? Have you?
>> Yeah. A place out in California. Oh, an
unnamed place. A place that doesn't have
its own designation. I I don't even know
who the heck runs it.
>> Whoa.
>> Like one of those in plain sight things
in like like you know
>> where.
>> I I I'm not sure exactly where SoCal
SoCal region. Not Antelope Valley, but
Anelope Valley probably deals with tech
more. But um
>> And you think they're And do you feel
confident in this whistleblower or not
whistleblower? This person who's
contacted you? Yeah. I Yeah, that's the
person I would like stake my like entire
rep on.
>> Can you say anything high level about
them or
>> they don't they don't want to be talked
about. Not at all. And I got I like I
got to respect that.
>> Sure. Sure. Did you get in touch with
them or did they get in touch?
>> I got in touch with them. This person's
a personal hero to me and I just got to
if they don't want to be talked about I
>> I must respect. Well, it's a good sign
that you're not, you know, I think you
have to be skeptical if somebody inbound
hits you up more than if you reach out
to them.
>> Mo 95% of the people I speak to, I have
sought them out.
>> That person who I I talked to you about
that was on a a cross retrieval team or
claimed they have I I spent a year
trying to track them down.
>> Wow.
>> I spent and they do not want to be
contacted. This it takes months and
months uh to form a relationship with
these people. I know it's a good time
when I contact them and I just I I'm
usually really upfront with people and
they just say, "How did you get my name?
Who are you?" and stop talking to me.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, it's like they're not denying the
claims, you know? They're like they're
clearly like they they know they're they
were involved.
>> A lot of them are smart and at first
we'll say like
>> I have no knowledge or expo like re like
what you would expect to find on the
terms and conditions on on like an
agreement for an Apple product. I have
no extraterrestrials. I have not seen
bodies, nor have I seen craft. I have
not been to military installations or
disclosed unauthorized disclosures.
>> Yeah, this is kind of a crazy question
and maybe I'm maybe this is
self-defeating for me, but I feel like
it's an important question to ask
because it's hard for me to comment on
my own stuff. I'm probably biased
somewhat and you know, I I want to
respect anybody that comes on the show.
Who do you think is the least believable
person that's come on my show?
>> Oh, that's a good that's a [laughter]
great question
>> because I can ask you can gas me up all
day, but I want you I want you to I want
you to straw man.
>> Let's chew through that actually cuz the
the top three best would be Grush,
Malmgrren, and Dan Sherman. Those are
the three best.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Uh okay. I'm trying to think
who would be the least [laughter]
I'm just trying to think who like who
has the most grand claims without uh
I I'm because I'm trying to parse things
into uh like if they if they have
testimony. I mean, one of them that
that's just kind of hard to even buy
into just cuz he's he's so matterof fact
is uh Charles Hall.
>> Yeah. But that's also partly because
he's it can be difficult to listen um to
like the droning on
>> sure
>> about stuff for hours. Uh I'm Gosh,
>> you weren't there but I
>> top four Beatatric as well is up there.
>> Okay.
>> Beatric because you know her hers is so
scientifically backed and her research.
>> So top four as far as her testim
excellent she's amazing.
>> Bottom gosh I'm trying to think who
else.
Of course, I'm also super partial to
Randy
>> just because I I I know Randy as a human
and I like him very much. Yep.
>> I'm very partial to uh Graham Hancock
just because I like his work outside of
the space.
>> Yeah, I love Graham.
>> Um a classic. It's not an interview. The
T. Thompson Brown.
>> Oh yeah,
>> it's a classic.
>> That's like I'm like I'm as high
conviction as anything on that stuff. I
I love that.
>> Let me see.
Uh Kirk Oh, yeah. Okay. that I because
he bullied you Steven Greer. I
completely that's a great episode. It's
interesting but he bullied you.
>> But the so the weird thing with anybody
>> there are very few people I think you're
making this point kind of who are like
fully full of [__] cuz even Greer has
all sorts of personality issues, you
know, and like he's so much ego and like
would I want to be stuck in an elevator
with that guy? No, I wouldn't. But
>> you can't throw the baby out with the
bath water. He know he's sitting on a
lot of interesting information anecdotes
like he was before you
>> a lot of these guys kind of you know
sitting in the black in a lot of these
programs didn't have anywhere to go and
they went to him.
>> Yeah. I I look at Greer almost like an
Anakin Skywalker type character.
>> Yeah. He he
gave himself to the uh dark side by
believing in his own theories instead of
analyzing witness testimony to then uh
burn so many people and expose so many
people and hurt so many people. Uh the
what he started off with I think was in
incredibly noble intentions and true.
Yeah, I mean that's a that's a good
point. Everyone's testimony I got to
kind of look at and be interested in. I
think a lowest credibility side of
firsthand witness encounters right now
for me is probably Charles Hall. Uh just
because I it's it's it's hard for me to
sit through and parse that story.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That was a tough one. I mean
I I sat through, you know, we that was
even longer than we than we discussed,
but I wanted to make it digestible for
the audience. And it was uh I was like
this is this is so like he would just go
on and at one point he goes and I hurt
my knee and then they the tall whites
flew me from Area 51 to Area 52 and then
Area 53 and I was like
>> you got your knee got hurt and it was
used to like like like a hell evacuate
you out of like the range you were at.
>> After I thought I'd broken my kneecap
and then it healed up. There was the
next morning when they came down to get
me and take me up to their base at up at
Area 54 at 53 to see if I needed a
surgery on my knee.
>> And it was it tall whites?
>> Yeah. Only and when I got up there the
American generals were there and medical
people were up there too and I didn't I
just bruised it. Maybe it's similar to
like a a Jason Sans type story where
there's an initial exposure that's
interesting that there's some something
there and then they just continue to
expand on it to where the story kind of
gets out of control.
>> Well, I don't think you can easily I
mean cuz there are also people online
saying like he faked he was not in the
Air Force. Bull BS. He was in the Air
Force and I have the record. You have
his DD214, you have certificates and
stuff like he was definitely in the Air
Force and so and I think he was a
weather observer and I think he was
based at Area 51. And then I think he
was and then beyond that. Yeah, it's
like hard for me to believe he was like
hanging out with these beings for as
long but I mean there's clearly he's
very neurodeivergent, you know, clearly.
>> Um, so it's tough. It's tough. You know,
I my po point being
I I would agree with you on that, but I
it's also
pretty hard to definitively write him
off also. It's like, you know, and and
there are people online trying to do
that. I'm like,
>> you can't do that either. You have to
contend with the, you know,
>> it's it's just
>> they're they seem a little beyond belief
to me. But
>> yeah, what's frustrating is if he had
encounters with beans on Area 51 and
that was the extent of it, right? And
maybe something like Corso said in his
manuscript where he encountered a
trapped bean who said, "Hey, lower the
radar so we can get out of here." That'd
be more uh believable. But when I know
the beans, I hung out with them. They
flew me around. That's when it starts to
to
>> names for all them, the teacher and
arrange for Harry.
>> Like, who knows? Maybe he was exposed to
them and uh just kind of got carried
away.
>> Well, what I you mentioned Sherman is
one of the top ones. Sherman to me
couldn't have been more of a the you
know, kind of opposite vibe of Charles.
Charles Hall was like too detailed. Like
he had an answer for everything. Yeah. I
asked him random stuff about, you know,
from physics to like their communication
patterns, their dialect, like
everything. The books they read, they
read books apparently they read, like
all these things. But they weren't
interested in the books on Einstein
because they clearly had better, you
know, they had better physics or what.
It was like crazy stuff like that.
>> Like he had an answer for everything.
Sherman, he to me pattern matched so
much to somebody telling the truth
because I would tell him like open-
source stuff that would support his
testimony. You know, I'd be like, uh,
you know, this guy Noah Rodic actually
foyed uh, you know, this independent
researcher foyed Project Preserve
Destiny and the foyer was sent to the
Air Force and the Air Force forwarded it
to the NSA.
>> Yeah. basically, which if we can confirm
his name wasn't mentioned, like that's
kind of a smoking gun that this program
existed under the purview of the NSA.
>> So, and he he goes, "Oh, yeah, cool." He
goes, "Oh, you did that? Great." Like,
he didn't give a f. He didn't care at
all. And it was to me I'm like, "Oh,
this guy's so comfortable in his own
like he knows what happened to him. He's
not trying to signal anything. He's the
opposite of a Greer who's constant.
There's so much bluster.
>> He doesn't have an answer for
everything.
everything. Yeah. What you and you you
and I have a mutual friend who has had
decades of experience in electronics
intelligence and you know he sat both of
us down separately and we talked both we
had both we you know we didn't know we
had both spoken to him until yesterday
but
>> and I think we can say his name because
he's on Twitter supporting okay Dan how
>> yes
>> yes uh I talked to him at soul and he
you know we were talking about project
preserve destiny and he's he he sat me
down and talked to me for a very long
time about how Dan Sherman's discussion
of various elint systems and knowledge
of elint systems and process of elint
electronic intelligence is just
beautifully on the money.
>> Yeah, there you go. And like just a
beyond reasonable casual guy and would
admit would say, you know, I think the
details might be fuzzy here and I might
have gotten that a little bit wrong or
whatever. And it's like you try
remembering something,
>> you know, moment by moment that happened
to you 30 plus years ago. Good luck.
>> That's like way 97. If if he doesn't
remember something, I I say, "Hey, do
you remember the smell?" I don't
remember. He doesn't remember. And St.
Paul Lazar, same my details get a little
fuzzy here. No, if they don't, then
you're lying,
>> right? Yeah. If you
>> That's a worse signal.
>> It's just like Sherman showed such
restraint to even say like, I don't
really know what these beans I was
getting downloads from looked like.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Totally. And then what's wild is
the base he was at. He took a photo of
it and it's in above black. And I, you
know, we we reversed, me and my
researcher reverse image searched it and
we figured out it was San Vito de
Normandy and uh and uh you know that
that's in in southern Italy and we
called it out and he goes, "Yeah, that
was the base." And so like you write the
book expecting for people not to be able
to find it because you don't really have
the internet, you know, in popular use
back then at least. And you know, now we
did. So everything keeps seeming to
check. And then the final thing I'll say
about that one is I you know and I I
hate doing this but a guy who is doesn't
want to go public also but very high up
and like extremely credible position who
I I wish I could I could say who it is.
You can take it with as much of a grain
of salt as you want. You can you can not
care that I'm saying this. Whatever.
>> Um but he corroborated a bunch of
details around the Sherman story as
well. So, I I I really think, you know,
hold that in high esteem.
>> It's it's interesting that people are
are have likely been interfacing with
these non-human intelligence through
telepathic downloads. That's really
crazy, but it's really interesting and
it it it holds a lot of of water.
Strange world we live in.
>> Strange world. And and and you know, do
you know who Puharic is? Andre Puharic,
>> early architect of MK Ultra. He had
these sort of machines that I think were
kind of similar to what Dan Sherman was
using where you would hum a tone in your
mind, match that to the tone you're
hearing in these headphones, and that
would get you into this locked in
telepathic state. And he everybody he
had this camp in in upstate New York,
and all these quote unquote space kids
would go up there and channel what he
called the nine, these alien beings. And
he was a contractor for the CIA.
>> Wow. And that so and that work
definitely became classified and went
somewhere and I think it probably went
into project preserve destiny.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So let me ask you this in kind of a
similar vein. Right. Right now cuz Chris
Ramsey asked me a similar question. I
thought it was a great one. Right now if
if you were in charge of assembling five
witnesses for the next congressional
hearing to make it the best one that's
ever happened to deliver their
testimony. Uh it could be five minutes,
it could be three hours. What five
people would you choose? Could they be
just anybody like like like Yeah.
Anybody?
>> Yeah. Let's let's Yeah. Yeah. Let's go
non-hostile witnesses. So you can be
like I Bobby Rayan meant
>> Okay. Yeah. Right.
>> That's a separate question.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Well, the separate question is top five
people you deliver a fat interrogatory
tour to to to basically extract their
test.
>> So they have good intentions.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> And like could they like say anything in
the actual test? Cuz like I would, you
know, I'd pick somebody like Grush, but
like, you know, it's tough cuz like half
the things were like he's like, you
know, let's go to a skiff right now. And
like I'll tell you, by the way, when
people say Grush has no firsthand
experience, go back to look in what
Moscowitz asked David Grush. When
Moscowitz said, do you have any exposure
to overhead collection platforms
depicting UFOs? Grush said kind of
danced around the topic. And then
Moscowitz said, "Have you ever seen any
overhead collection of UFO crashes?" And
he said, "I would have to answer that in
the close."
>> There you go. So yeah, let's do full
open disclosures
>> so they can say whatever. Okay. I mean
[laughter]
that's funny because I my mind goes to
some of the people who I think don't
have the best intentions but know so
much clearly due to their background.
Um, I think people like, you know, I
think Grush has like kind of autistic
attention to detail, you know, hundreds
of pages that he gave to the ICIG,
uh, you know, Thomas Monheim, and like
has just like programs, names, dates,
like, you know, where the bodies are
buried. So, I'd say him,
>> he could probably go through right now.
you probably deliver
>> the exact specific sectionals and years
from which program names were first
dreamt up first created and he'd be able
to name everything off the top of his
head.
>> I think you know
>> I think Hal Putoff would be great. I
think he's got way more knowledge than
maybe meets the eye. I mean like it's
like you know if he's saying
definitively the 12 to 15
>> crafts you know on on Joe Rogan it's
like where are you getting that
information?
>> Yeah. And why Yeah. and where as well if
just 12 to 15. I reckon the 12 to 15
were just the ones he was exposed to.
>> Totally. And he seems to pop up
everywhere you look when it comes to
like UFO science
>> and sigh stuff
>> and sigh stuff which seems to be weirdly
interrelated with all this. Remember
what Grush said on uh JRE uh you know
they they started talking about remote
viewing stuff and and David Grush says
well what if the CIA started looking
into this as a sigh stuff as a possible
solution to serve as a key to unlock
some stuff we have sitting around in a
warehouse.
>> I think that's one of the most poignant
things he's ever said that nobody's ever
really kind of paid attention to.
>> Interesting. So wait, so what would this
this would be? They were talking about
Stargate remote viewing he and Joe and u
Grush proposes the question that maybe
these these sigh programs were taken on
by the agency and other intelligence
communities as a way to get gain a
better understanding over the craft
technical vehicles we have stored in our
warehouses.
>> I mean that makes total sense. We'll
also look at put offs you know he's the
founding architect of Stargate all the
psychic spy stuff and then he moves on
to like the rest of his career seems
really dedicated to the UFO question. So
there I that has to be connected somehow
and you hear a lot of rumors that
they're that they're somehow connect and
look this is really weird but like okay
if the size stuff is real which I think
both of us think it is remote viewing is
a real modality
then
what is happening in reality itself like
what what what is like the Archimedes
lever of conflict it's like psychic
conflict
>> which is really weird right
>> yeah and the lever that Yeah, the the
the system that allows remote viewing to
work and operate it is really it kind it
breaks my brain cuz I'm such a like
logistic person um to to to think about
SI principles and stuff. It it it's such
a huge quandry to me. Have you met
anybody that uh discusses timeline
management or the ability to see
different timelines? Obviously Bob
Lazar, you know, was briefed on project
looking glass. Yeah.
>> Which is like the manipulation of
timelines. is you have Tim Taylor who
you know is written about by Dana
Pasulka and kind of enters her life. He
is part of this quote unquote secret
space program and but he kind of thinks
of himself as like a a you know
adjustment bureau timeline management
person.
>> So I there's been a you know I think
I've talked about it before a testimony
I'm not really sure what to do with
because I I don't I really don't know
how to act on it. And again, this can be
taken as conjecture because it's just a
claim, but it's somebody who uh claimed
whilst they were in naval intelligence,
they were part of a program that used
like a sphere that was similar to Randy
Anderson as a basically a remote viewing
tool. Uh but that this sphere was
basically used to I I guess like uh
coagulate time onto the plank scale,
looking at at time as as frames of plank
scale and uh combined with like the many
worlds interpretation of quantum physics
to like view [clears throat] parallel
timelines. I again I don't know what to
do with it. It's really complex.
>> If you know what to do with it, send it
to me.
>> I'll send it [laughter] to you because I
It's It's very interesting. It's It's
very interesting, but I again I I don't
know the validity to it. I I've not even
be begun to start to vet that individual
because it's just a really interesting
claim that I I'm just not sure what to
do. I'll I'll send that I I'll try and
get that guy over.
>> I I would be so fascinated. I mean,
Matthew Brown also talked about some AI
timeline management system that the
White House has or whatever.
>> Well, then that would that would
give some pretty definitive examples
about how the universe works, right?
Because if you have an AI that can
predict future events, we have a pretty
deterministic universe, right? Either
deterministic or you can kind of move
between branches of the multiverse or
something. And you know who know you
know actually um Hugh Everett who
created the many worlds theories you
know Everett many worlds um he went on
to work for the Pentagon in nuclear game
theory.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah. So maybe there's some sort of
weird connection there where I mean this
is really trippy weird territory but
like
>> I think the DOE like so the UFOs and
nukes book talks about like all these
guys seeing sort of saucers discs you
know tic tacs orbs that seem to like
often interfere with nukes.
the DOE itself often feels like the
center of a lot of people who having
spiritual experiences.
And so I I wonder if you know if you
were to actually like say like the
apocalypse isn't some fictional thing
like maybe like multiverse branching is
happening all the time and like there's
pruning occurring and there's certain
apocalypses that happen like in the
three body problem and then some survive
or whatever. like the DOE would be like
the center of that stuff,
>> right?
>> And so like maybe they're like the most
entangled with this like spiritual world
and it explains a lot of the UFOs and
nuke stuff. And if you actually talked
to Robert Hastings, I had this deep
conversation with him and I was like,
"How many of these guys have had close
encounters of the third kind where they
see beings and they themselves have been
abducted, not just they're on the base,
they've seen stuff or whatever." And he
goes,
>> "Uh, like seven or eight out of the
167." Whoa. And I go, "Did you pull Did
you pull them formally on this?" They
go, he goes, "No, those are just the
people who've like come out saying
that." So in my mind, I'm like, "There's
probably like half of them." Yeah.
>> Or more. And he himself has had
experiences as has um you know, Bob
Jacobs. You know, a lot of these guys
have had Mario Woods, I found out, had a
childhood experience. So it's like the
people who end up working in these
programs are like closer to this like
weird celestial realm or something.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Like I know guys who have
worked in the program who are have now
like become far more spiritual because
of their time in the programs and it's
really weird like guys who are
interested in Diana Pasulka's work and
like religious questionings and
religious frameworks because of their
time in the programs. Yeah. Yeah. It's
like what metaphysical concepts or
spiritual concepts are these people
either directly or incidentally exposed
to while these programs.
>> And then you have Tim Taylor telling
Diana Pulka, here's the hierarchy of
being. And I think it's like alien or
nonhuman intelligence, you know, or
aliens or whatever, you know, human
hybrids with the beings.
>> Then it's like, you know, intel agencies
or whatever. And it's like on down from
there. And like I'm like how do you have
is this do you think he's legit? Do you
think Tim Taylor's legit? He's this NASA
mission controller that seems to also
pop up everywhere in this issue. Also
seems to like know all the experiencers
like he knows Bledsoe. He knew Charles
Hall.
>> Yeah, you probably have better knowledge
on this than I cuz you've spoken to the
man. But it's
>> I wish I did. I wish I got more out of
him. [laughter]
>> He he seems to be acting on the behalf
of a faction.
>> Yeah.
>> Hanging out and getting close with
various people. What his deal is, I
don't know. The thing that's most
intriguing to me are the statements that
he walks around with credentials from
numerous intelligence agencies and
organizations like NRO access, uh,
various IC agency access. That's very
strange to me how he can just kind of
stroll in wherever he wants.
>> Yeah, it's strange. And it's I don't
like like talk naming too many too many
names, but like you know, especially if
they're not like public figures
generally, but I think Bledsoe docks Tim
and then Chris Ramsey kind of said it
best with Tim Taylor where he's like if
you want us not to mention you like stop
doing spooky [__] like he just ends
shows like he enters the lives of all of
these experiences
>> and gets really close with them. Like,
didn't Isn't there photos of Tim Taylor
at like football games of of Chris
Bledso's children or something like
that? Like he's really involved in their
lives.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't
>> Would Tim Taylor be the third one on
your witness
>> list? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if Well,
again, here's the problem is the
intersection between like have some
incentive to like not say everything and
like what they know is like extremely
high. So, like if it's like the truth
serum test, Yeah. I got to do Tim Taylor
for sure. Like
>> this platform full unlimited disclosures
of people who have expressed interest in
in some disclosure and they get the old
>> I mean another a guy on the good side I
think or at least good side at the end
of his life was Harold Malmgrren and I
think he knew a lot more and it this was
so sad to me because I thought we had
multiple days of interviews that we
could have lined up. we did our first
interview, his health started to go
downhill right after that. And so we
were going to do like four hours like
three days in a row or something like
that.
>> And um and then he said things to me
that like I don't think anybody thought
that like
whoever the Majestic 12 or group is like
had anything to do with him. I mean it
would kind of make sense that Bissell
would be like a part of that or
something. But he then says on the phone
to me, and I didn't even catch this when
he said it on the phone to me because
his voice is m muffled and he's in the
hospital on his deathbed, but he goes
that was when the CIA started tracking
me. They put my name in some file and he
goes them and the Majestic.
>> And then we had we dubbed the whole
thing cuz he had throat cancer 10 years
before. And then I see it in the dub.
I'm like like after he passed away. The
first Friday I came to the office.
I said,
"Why am I here? I asked for it."
And I said, "But who had a record?" I
said the day
that you met
the person of MIT,
>> that day your name went in
all the important books of talent
>> that
keeps
>> that that that who keeps
>> CIA.
>> Wow.
They not only but you know all the
majestic all these guardians
they also
to protect the world.
>> It's like what did he know? You know
>> with how quickly his health declined it
almost felt like he was willing to kind
of let go after he was able to disclose
some of that information. You know you
hear a lot of like family members of of
elderly loved ones who are kind of
holding on to say goodbye to their loved
ones or you know get a final word in. It
seemed like him being able to speak
about these disclosures with his
daughter present, with his family
present. It it seemed like right after
that his health declined. I don't maybe
he was it this has just been something
he was holding on to for so long.
[snorts]
>> I think so. I think he was bottling it
up and he really I think he felt a
little bad about some maybe like
tangential touch points he had had with
the program and I think he just wanted
to see more of this stuff out. And
>> I wish more legacy people had
consciences like that. I know. I wish
that too. And then I also I understand
if your family's being threatened, if
you're if you're taking some anthrax
booster and for all you know, you know,
it's like
>> or you're threatened with inappropriate
stuff on your like computer or to get
your life ruined.
>> Who wants to deal with that? Yeah. No.
>> Yeah. So, but I I I do wish more people
can and and honestly, you're like my
biggest hope as far as like more stuff
coming out because I feel like you're in
touch. You're as close to the metal as
it gets. you know, like if somebody has
come out, like often I'll try to make
some like beautifully produced thing
with them, but I'm not really like
you're you're really like on the front
lines trying to get people out over
multimonth periods and that's an
impressive I mean, you're really putting
yourself in the line of fire and it's
it's amazing, man.
>> Well, I'd like to provoke more of a
reaction from from legacy people. Take a
like take more of a step against me and
I'd like to see what happens. I'll put
this as a like a call to action for for
anybody who's had firsthand legacy
exposure. Please contact me at
uapgrtonmail.com.
I I my initial my wish isn't to get
people public like to to make videos
about them if they want to and I've
vetted them properly. Sure, we'll do a
project together, but my initial thing
is to collect their testimony and get it
to the right people of people who can
act perform do actionable things with
that testimony. And what's the goal at
that point if it's not to bring
everybody out to the public necessarily,
but it's to kind of force is it like
executive action or
>> Yeah, executive administrative action.
And I think there can be an impetus
where you know things like the the
administration they have a preponderance
of evidence and whistleblowers to where
they need to take action and bring these
programs under congressional oversight
and uh that is when a disclosure will
occur and I think that is when a a
disclosure of a non-human intelligence
and active and active programs to
reverse engineer and exploit materials.
But hey, we're doing this but the
technologies are still held up in the
black budget. That's fine. If if if the
US receives a disclosure that non-human
intelligence is here, it's been
interacting with humanity for a long
time. Like Carl Nell says, we actively
have crafts and we're actively figuring
out how to work various systems with
them. But we're not going to tell you
exactly what we're doing with them
because that's a national security
concern. That is a fine medium for the
vast majority of the American public.
Like there doesn't and I wouldn't even
you don't need to it's the same thing
with u kind of what what most people
talk about. don't need to disclose the
specifics behind the technology because
you don't need um bad faith actors
creating a flux liner and ramming it
into New York and creating it turning
New [clears throat] York into a like a
wasteland
>> for sure. But I would say I don't know
like I think there are trade secrets for
example with nuclear weapons but nuclear
physics is like 99% disclosed
>> physics about like internal mass
reduction and gra and like space-time
bubbles and inertial dampening and stuff
like that that absolutely should be
given to humanity
>> for sure. Like say if you figured out
that this like you know the quantum
gravity stuff is BS and that actually
gravity is is not what we think it is or
because gravity's been this big question
in physics for you know decades. huge
for like the world for like our ability
to like, you know, kind of manipulate
matter and like make the world a better
place and like build, you know,
engineering and, you know, medical
devices and and medicine and and and and
cra, you know, not be stuck on these
Boeing 747s, 737s, the doors fly off,
you know, like it's it's it's crazy. So,
>> and Oh, I I didn't mean to interrupt.
>> No, no, no. I was going I was ranting. I
was just going to say and if yeah
there's zero point energy systems that
have been and could be exploited somehow
that is a an absolute humanitarian crime
to keep from people.
>> It is I mean do you think we do have
that cuz that seems to be the
implication of a lot of these you know
Dylan Borland literally said you know
the most classified thing most sensitive
thing is not the craft it's the energy
system.
>> Um
>> and didn't Jake Barber say with Ross
Colart he knew about like zero point
energy systems at the very end of the
interview or like just insane energy
systems? I'm almost almost positive he
did.
>> Wow. I don't know. I maybe we talked
about anti-gravity being him. So
>> yeah, maybe anti-gravidic systems. It's
I I mean I think it's likely again my I
I have very poor understanding of
physics or some of this stuff. I just I
like the programs.
>> See I Yeah. I think my base case is they
have some weird effects that they know
how to get. Yeah. Kind of in little
experimental cases. I think the idea
that there's a box that could like power
the earth in a sustainable way and it's
like hidden in some like DOE national
lab or you know one of these you know
containers that you've mentioned I I
think that's ridiculous.
>> I don't think that's true. If it if it
is true it is a travesty and like you
know the Lost Century by Steven Greer is
like the most important documentary ever
or whatever.
>> But I just I I have trouble believing
that. I think it's somewhere in the
middle where you have these like physics
effects that they've proven like the
Biffield Brown effect for example that I
covered
>> where like I'm pretty high confidence
that there's a there there and you have
Carl Nell who ran a $2 billion P&L you
know CTO of of like basically a Northrup
subsidiary saying you know watch Jesse's
video on Thomas Towns and Brown. Jesse's
done a number of podcasts looking into
towns and brown and some other very
interesting uh like heretical
technologies. So, I'd invite people uh
an unsolicited plug to check out some of
Jesse's podcasts. You have the lead
electrostatics guy at NASA, Charles
Buer. Oh, yeah.
>> Leaving NASA and starting his own
company, Exodus Space, based on
propellantless propulsion, which he
attributes to Thomas Towns and Brown.
He's had access to a vacuum chamber for
20 years and like says he's replicated
this like, you know, a ton of time. So
you have so much evidence to me that
that is real. Um and then even that it's
like are you hiding, you know, I don't I
don't even the line between that and
then the Mark McCandish like alien
reproduction vehicles like we have
workable craft that uses,
>> you know, anti-gravity. I don't know. I
don't know. Um I think I think that at
least copycat vehicles and like the the
subject of alien reproduction vehicles.
I I think that is definitely a thing.
Yeah. People often ask the question if
alien reproduction vehicles exist, you
know, why are why, you know, why is the
F-16 engaging with enemy assets and not
a TR3B? Well, I I I think a strong
argument can be made that with alien
reproduction vehicles there there's
probably a very select number and the
technology is probably so sensitive and
probably not adapted perfectly. Kind of
what you're talking about copying
certain aspects and getting weird
physics effect that these sorts of craft
and these sorts of platforms are
relegated only to the blackest of of
programs for ISR purposes. You know, I I
mentioned earlier like
>> uh the founding of the I I just I think
the NRO is so important to this whole
conversation of UFO legacy programs. The
NRO was founded to get American
intelligence in denied airspaces because
we knew that nuclear war with the
Soviets would lead to mutually assured
destruction. So there was a huge
advantage in in defensive reconnaissance
to find out where Soviet radar, Soviet
nuclear sites and perform ISR of
adversaries and denied airspaces grew
like exponentially in importance. So, I
mean, if you have a TR3B that can uh
travel to Russia instantaneously and
then render itself invisible on uh any
sort of of detection system, whether
it's radar, whether it's human eyes, and
to gather intelligence from 100 ft away
from a a Russian ICBM silo, that is
invaluable.
>> Yeah. See, seems like it. And I think
the B2 stealth bomber was like the last
classified vehicle that was then
declassified. So, or am I wrong? B21
Raider or was the Raider ever even like
inherently classif?
>> I don't think it was class. I think we
all know about the B21 Raider and that's
like an official thing. So maybe I'm
wrong.
>> No, I think you might be right cuz there
was the SR71 U2 A12 ox cart. Yep.
>> Uh and now of course
>> F17 was classified for a little bit.
>> All that ton of test range.
>> Yep. Yep. And that that crashed in
Bakersfield in 1986 or something and
then people started to but I think the
B2 was the last like classified then
declassified. So, we've got to have
stuff after that. Like, come on. It's
not just like F22s, F-35s, you know,
we've got to have like
>> I think the strongest use case are
triangles.
>> Mhm. I mean, I I know numerous people
who have have seen triangles on launch
pads at at Groom Lake or, you know,
Roger Castle,
150 ft away from a giant rotating
triangle whose characteristics are
almost exactly similar to to TR3B
that the triangle story. And that's a
great thing you broke with Castle like
that that story comes up time and time
again there even as like ancillary parts
of other stories like Randy Anderson who
you broke as well like with Area 51 he
claimed he saw triangles taking off from
Area
>> 51 triangles stored at yeah DOE owned
lands across the Nevada test and
training range. Yeah, Dylan Borland
triangle. The Belgian wave were
triangles. And I wonder if that, you
know, had something to do with, you
know, maybe that was actually just
terrestrial tech, like, you know,
American technology.
>> I mean, Edgar Fuche gets a ton of flack
for not producing claims for his uh
testimony. And like, I get it. What's he
going to do? Wheel a TR3B out, but I
still think his testimony has so much
incredible uh juice to it and aspects
and things that I think are inherently
true. For example, back in 1998, Edgar
Fuche was talking about TR3B. Hey,
first actually operational proto or
operational models of TR3B started to
kind of fly around in the '90s. From the
70s until onward, it was prototype
models. The pilots forum are out of the
Navy test pilot school out of Pax River
and the AFTC out of the Edwards 412 test
wing, which is something that I would
come to believe as inherently correct
with the testimony of Ed, the Lieutenant
Colonel at the 412. So the the fuchche
TR3B is is mind-bogglingly interesting.
Additionally, he says that the
propulsion system was reverse engineered
out of Sandia and Lawrence Livermore
National Lab. In my framework of UFO
legacy programs with um FFRDC's, this
would make complete sense that high
trust government-owned contractor
operated where the technology is still
proprietary government property like a
reverse engineering propulsion system
for internal mass reduction would be
kept within the FFRDC while contractors
like Northrup Grumman uh Loheed Martin
Teladine Ryan uh would would be used as
compartmentalized contractors on like
the skin of the craft, the construction,
all that stuff.
>> Do we know that Edgar Fuche worked at
Area 51? So, we have we have records of
that.
>> Yes.
>> And then anything else that kind of
backs up the veracity of his claims.
>> I'm particularly fond of his mention of
the Men in Black with Treat, the
Tactical Reconnaissance Engineering
Assessment Team, and how that kind of
ties into weird things about like uh the
Likenstein Crown Prince Hans Adams II
talking about Albert Stubble and his
little treat project and stuff like
that.
>> Wait, what is this?
There's a there's an old I got to find
it because this was this was like a a a
Hans Adams to Steven Greer I think email
in the 90s or maybe it was reversed but
where uh Adams I I have it in my I think
it's my TR3B video on on triangles but
Hans Adams talking about like a treat
existing under Albert Stubble who of
course was head of US Army INSCOM and
was obsessed with psychic spy stuff and
also uh was tasked with the intelligence
sport activity ISA which is now a J-
Sock unit.
>> What did he mean when he said treat
>> like T R E A um like a like a men in
black type thing. My my brain is is
fuzzy on the exact context around uh
Hans Adams saying Stubble and his uh
treat organization.
>> So I have to reference my video for the
exact specifics. But it's that's an
interesting thing.
>> Um Fuche was at Area 51. Um I'm trying
to think what else. [clears throat] I
mean the rotating the spinning mercury
was also mentioned in DLA.
>> Yeah. you know the commab context where
you had rotating spinning mercury
according to this Polish journalist Igor
Vitkowski
>> and you had Ernest Growitz and you know
this uh
>> uh kind of head head of SS medical stuff
under Joseph Mangala and or maybe he was
actually Mangala report might have
reported to him I don't know right
>> and then um
>> uh who else oh Walter Gerlock this guy
studying anti-gravity in in the German
context at a nearby university was also
working on DLA.
>> So, and then they had spinning mercury
as well. And then the vimmanas and you
know there's spinning mercury there.
>> So maybe maybe this is the latest
instantiation is the TR3B spinning
mercury
>> cuz fuch was adamant that the TR3B is
not anti-gravity. It's internal mass
reduction. It's to reduce the weight the
mass of the TR3B by I think 89%. and
then various propulsion systems propel
it and it and can indefinitely loiter go
in low earth orbit.
He said that the program was spearheaded
by NRO, CIA and NSA which of course to
me that fully checks out. Um I'm trying
to think what else cuz his um 1998
International UFO Conference or
Congress, I can't remember what the
acronym stands for. That 1998
presentation is fantastic because
Fuchche delivers his disclosures as well
as like the amalgamation of his five
close friends and sources disclosures on
TR3B and he Fuchche himself stated he
had seen uh the craft twice. Once in
Edwards Air Force Base and once
somewhere else I can't quite remember
but you know if I if I if I had to bet
on one derivative system that we have it
would be the triangles. I like
>> so confident in the triangle
>> shows up everywhere really does. What do
you think of maybe we can we can wrap up
with this crazy story of of Dan Berish
because I find him so fascinating. So
this is a story after Bob Lazar but at
S4 Area 51
>> and there's there these crafts and these
beings who who who is he and what did he
experience? So, he's an alleged what?
Microbiologist out at S4 who interfaced
with the J rod, a recovered living
extraterrestrial entity that was housed
at uh seven six layers under Area 51 S4
under all the weird craft storage and
project looking glass and all that weird
stuff. And that there was basically a
containment sphere where he would go uh
interface with this bean and extract its
blood for tissue sampling. and he gave
like a super long uh documentary or
interview talking about the exact
biological systems of this creature's
blood. It's either the greatest LAR of
all time or maybe there's something to
it or maybe
I don't. It's either the greatest LAR of
all time or there's there's something to
it.
>> Have you seen I think his name is Brian
Jackson.
>> Yes.
>> UFO researcher and he gives a a
presentation on Dan Barish. There's some
weird stories around Dan Barish where I
think his like godfather was Mike
McConnell who was
>> Mike McConnell.
>> Yeah. Is director of the NSA and like
there's something around Mike
McConnell's son dying in like a freak
accident. And I don't know if Brian
Jackson's, you know, sure about this or
what, but he thinks that it's almost
like Mike McConnell takes in Dan Barish
as like this like, you know, like
godson, like really important person to
him and puts places him on all these
special projects and almost views him
like a son, like sees him as having like
soul swapped or something with his son
or something. Something's very strange.
That's so bizarre because Admiral Mike
McConnell is somebody I would say with
almost like as high secondhand
uncertainty as you could have was
involved in the programs.
>> This is where things get really weird
because John Lear uh is on record saying
in an interview like I helped you know
uh uh get Bob Lazar a job at S4 Area 51
because this was this all all part of
this limited disclosure plan because we
knew that we could you know um Bob Lazar
was discreditable. we could say that he
owned a brothel and that he faked his
educational credentials and all this
stuff. Um, and he said that he he was
asked to do this at the behest of a
Majestic 12 member named Mike Mlelen.
>> Yeah. [clears throat]
>> But I wonder if it's Mike McConnell.
>> It could have been Mike
>> because there's the S4 Area 51
connection with Dan Barish.
>> Yeah. which, you know, even outside of
of Bob Lazar uh and Dan British, I'm
like fully convinced that S4 is a real
place and not not on Tonipa, but S4
right by Papoose Lake.
>> I am too. [laughter]
>> Dan Barish, his story is so interesting.
I I'm not sure what to to make of it.
Brian Jackson's doing great work on
British uh the Night Shift channel with
um with uh Clint and and Xander Jones.
They're they're super into Dan Berish.
Then when I was hanging out with with
Chris Ramsey, he showed me the most
bizarre videos of um Dan Barish and his
wife
>> like vlogs of of the most weird possibly
agency coded like what things of all
time where where his wife will like show
an orange crush and almost give like
what seems like agency keywords or
something. I it implying maybe Dan Brish
and his wife are are absolutely bonkers
or maybe she's his handler. I I don't
know. The story is so bizarre and
there's a lot to chew through. I that's
why I'm glad people are doing good work
and and looking through his story
because there's actually quite a bit to
chew through. And of course, J-Rod. Um,
the story doesn't just stop there with
uh Dan Barish, but also goes back to to
Bill Uouse,
>> who claimed at Area 51 auxiliary sites,
there was basically a a ARV or
extraterrestrial vehicle simulator built
off the Kingman crash and that a
recovered uh biologic called J-Rod was
was stored at one of the auxiliary
facilities. Oh, Bill U said that before
Dan Barish.
>> I don't know if it was before or after
cuz I think Bill the primary Bill U
interview before he died was was uh mid
2000s and Dan Berish's interview was
like 2003 2004 right?
So, you know I without knowing those
dates for certain Bill U could have just
ripped off Dan Barish. But I I'm not
100% sure on whose disclosures came
first.
>> Well, that's interesting. I mean, the
fact that they're backing each other up
probably I who knows if it's
uncorrelated, but with all this S4
stuff, this is why we need Project
Gravitar.
>> Yeah, we Exactly.
>> This is why Luigi has to get your movie
done, man.
>> Yeah, we you and I both have a lot of um
faith in in Luigi. We kind of talked
about the the the project is is
incredible. You know, I I talked about
how uh there are likely like underground
sites, SAP FS, stiff subtrading
facilities or dums built using disguised
like foliage uh disguised mountains,
maybe even projections. And um Luigi
painstakingly go tries to show how like
foliage is rearranged around S4 sites
and stuff like that to build a very
compelling case of exactly where S4 is.
And that's another thing where like Area
51 was
>> barely probably not ever really talked
about before Bob Lazar. Then S4
definitely wasn't talked about. I think
there's some argument that Area 51 was
mentioned in some magazine or something
obscure magazine. Bazar probably didn't
have access to that. I think, you know,
it's clear that he was there. But then
the fact that, you know, if we're going
to get any corroboration on S4 from that
movie, that's a big deal,
>> right? And people like some people like
to try and say that Bob Lazar ripped off
the S4 name uh off of Tonapest Range
because just east of Tonapest Range is a
is a outdoor site called S4 that Janet
Airlines or so Janet Airlines the famous
red striped airline um flies to Area 51.
Area six, which is by the Yaka Mountain
Flat, which has a Loheed Martin owned
aerial operations facility that does
work for Ditra, for DARPA, for like the
NRO, the NGA. Um, which is really weird.
Not almost nobody knows about this area
6. Again, it's on the Yaka flat and it
has a Loheed Martin aerial operations
facility. It's super super super kind of
like held lock and keep. And then Janet
also flies to Tonapest range and Janet
also drops employees off uh at Tona
Pestrange to the area or to the S4 site
there. And apparently according to uh
Lazy G Ranch, which is a great blog that
actually tracks like FFA flight radar
and stuff of Janet Airlines and so
forth, uh employees on the S4 area of
Tonipa test range have to be taken there
directly from Janet and cannot drive on
site like other employees at Tonipa can.
So that that that's a bit strange, isn't
it? And another where did we first hear
about Janet Airlines? Bob Lazar.
>> Yeah, because Janet Janet Janet Airlines
that's not a disputable thing. Janet
Airlines is a you can go on YouTube
right now and look up Janet Airlines and
look at flights.
>> Was that publicly known before?
>> I don't know. I I would go on the
website oldestarch.com and in quotations
do Janet Airlines.
>> Oh, I love that. That's a cool
oldestarch.com. Good resource.
>> Yeah. see if there were any early
mentions of Janet Airlines
>> cuz Lazy G Ranch does a very good uh
kind of breakdown. So all across the
Nevada test site, whether it's S4,
whether it's Area 6, whether it's
Tonipa, whether it's Area 51, the
infrastructure is there, the underground
infrastructure is there to to house
Alfred O'Donnell's craft, to house rapid
reaction response teams that get in
private jets and fly to go take care of
retrieval operations, to house Bob Lazar
and nine recovered craft. It has the
infrastructure to do so.
>> Where do you think things are headed
with UFO disclosure? Do you think uh
things are bursting at the seams and we
get a lot more kind of spontaneous
disclosure? Do you think we get some
slow rolled managed thing? Do you think
the subject dies out? What do you think
happens?
>> It's not going to die out. I I disagree
with Carl Nell quite a bit when he says
that his current the the current like
carefully managed 2017 originating uh
disclosure campaign is kind of dead.
Maybe that specific limited disclosure
campaign, but I disagree with with sort
of uh demeaning comments like that. I
think I think as long as you have
somebody like Dave Grush in a driver's
seat actively pushing and actively
engaged in the topic things are looking
good. I think there's a a large there's
been an impetus in u public opinion on
the topic. More and more people are
getting engaged and you know even even
though there may be some questionable
characters in films like the age of
disclosure and maybe some opinions I
don't agree with and you know it might
be framed a little weird. do think
documentaries like that are going to be
great to get the public more in tuned
because if people are watching like
Marco Rubio who you know UFO heads who
are deep in the subject have known he's
had an interest in the subject since
2017 and has employed his staff at the
SSCI and others to go uh find more about
whistleblowers for him. So that guy's a
coward for not staking his political
career when he's been well known into
the subject since 2017. Maybe a coward's
a strong word. Maybe just hasn't had an
avenue which to to affect things. But
he, Marco Rubio, is known about the
topic. But for the the average Joe who
might have seen Jeremy Corbell's Area
51, Bob Lazar and Flying Saucers, who
might have seen uh the phenomenon by
James Fox, maybe they saw Uncknowledged
by Steven Greer and just have a passing
interest in the subject and they watch
Age of Disclosure and they see people
like Marco Rubio uh talk about UFOs,
maybe that's going to spark a lot of new
interest in it.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think I think it's going
to move the needle on the topic. I think
it'll be, you know, if the 2017 New York
Times article was like, you know, this
big jumping off point or whatever, I
think this will be a force multiplier. I
think James Fox's new movie, Moment of
Contact 2 or whatever, will be this
massive force multiplier.
>> I think the phenomenon itself, that
first movie by James Fox, it's just such
a an amazing survey level overview
gateway for so many people.
>> That's what I tell people who are
interest if they're still grappling with
the question of like are UFOs real?
>> Yeah. I think the phenomenon is a a
really good place to start.
>> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's fascinating,
man. And then what do you think like
what's your, you know, fast forward to
10 years from now? What do you hope
you're doing?
>> I I would I would love nothing more than
to be involved with um of transition of
legacy programs into trai transition of
legacy programs into traditional
oversight channels. M
>> uh I would love to be on teams that goes
and inventories warehouses housing craft
and biologics and materials and bridging
those clandestine programs, you know,
still black budget, still protected by
USP, but back under United States
control. I'd like to be involved in um
helping whistleblowers get basically
reparations for maybe their VA
disability that's been canned. Uh stuff
like that. uh help I I would like to be
in an official capacity helping um pry
legacy programs from the occult dead
hands of people like Dick Cheney and
Admiral Bobby Ray Inman and a lot of
these old crrons of the old guard who
who don't want to who are in these old
boys club who don't want to relinquish
control of legacy programs and bringing
that to to uh under control. Do you
think like, you know, just going back to
like the kind of convoluted org chart or
whatever,
h it's feels so I mean I'm sure a lot of
people watching this are like how is
that kept secret? Do you think maybe
it's something like the threebody
problem where
>> if the tip of the spear of science
itself might be managed by like the
beings or something
>> that like the the the org structure is
somehow managed by them or
>> not necessarily I think it's I think
it's very I think it's once you spend
enough time looking at it it's very
rational how this is kept such secret.
Uh,
>> how many people in the US do you think
gosh know about like
>> know pretty intimately about the UFO?
>> Intimately a small number. I'd say
hundreds in the in the low thousands.
>> Okay.
>> Maybe a thousand.
>> As far as like defense industrialbased
contractors who are exposed to meta
materials who don't really know what
they are, but it's UFO stuff. Probably a
larger number. Maybe
>> 5 to 10,000. So I'd say maybe
>> 200. I'm going to lower my initial
estimate of like 200 people. with a a
good knowledge of the programs and even
less with a historical knowledge. Y
>> and uh
>> do you think that those people are our
best and brightest minds?
>> Probably not. The best and brightest
minds are are uh the best and brightest
minds
right now are probably at like uh
actually probably some of them are
they're probably at MITER but also a lot
of them are being poached with
competitive salaries by like Anderil and
stuff like that. But I think that uh I
think that the the reason this is kept
so secret is you know it's it's a lot
more simple than than people think. At
every single layer of the programs there
are program protection strategies. You
already have the US black budget. You
already have spe you already have SAPs
caps and USPS almost impenetrable. You
have uh you know no foreign no foreign
national stuff to even safeguard them
further. You have carveout contracts
with contractors. You have all sorts of
stuff outlined by the 1954 atomic energy
agreement. um is special nuclear
material, foreign intelligence
information, uh and transclassified
foreign nuclear information. You have
personnel rotating from their position
within ODNI to the MITER Corporation or
CIA, DS&T to the NRO to the oustat. You
have uh program protection agencies. You
have the DARPA, you have the DOE, OICI,
you have the CIA, you have the NSA, you
have directorates under the CIA, you
have the DS&T who can put the gibbos on
Loheed Martin trying to get rid of
materials. You have this rotating
personal agency. you have bigot lists of
of special access programs dealing with
exotic materials where to keep the the
the program readon access small you'll
have people fulfilling dual roles for
example this is something interesting I
have have been told you might have a
legacy program scientist who has to do a
little bit of like accounting or
personnel management stuff so they don't
have to read in more people uh so people
might do jobs lower on the ladder rung
than them but you know never never up
you're not going to have an industrial
security guy who is also doing like lab
technician
>> [clears throat]
>> Furthermore, there was a uh from what I
understand, there was an initiative in
the early 2010s to cut off historical
briefings on new on new program
incumbents. Uh this would lead to even
folks within FFRDC's like MITER who are
who are being told hey you are working
on detecting exploiting recovering
housing uh recovered craft of non-human
origin presumably extraterrestrial and
hey the bodies are st stored over there
in California that they're still not uh
briefed into the historical lineage of
of the programs and historical members
who have worked on them past successes
past failures past facilities. So the
the compartmentalization is is obscene
and like David Gush says it it it's all
carryover from the uh Manhattan project
and at the time that might have been a
good idea because you might have had
Truman, you might have had Eisenhower
thinking, hey, what the what we're just
getting into the Cold War after World
War II. What the heck are we supposed to
do with these alien spaceships flying
around that have crashed due to
high-powered radar and we now have their
bodies? We need to treat this as nuclear
secrets because this could shake the
very foundations of this nation. And
that spiraled out of control. So it is
it is very and you know that's not to
mention other program protection
strategies like psychological
operations. Um
you got Dodie your doies of the world
who are Paul Benowitzing people and so
forth. So I also I think this is going
to sound maybe a little nuts but I I
think there's a there there I think
there are people in the like pro- UFO
community on like Twitter and stuff that
almost play up the dangers. Like there
are danger like I I've been [__] with.
You've probably been [__] with. I've
had weird [__] happen to me, but there
are people where it's like the all they
talk about is how dangerous it is to
like look into this stuff. And I'm like,
are you trying to deter like more people
coming out? That seems like their whole
beat. They're trying to circulate that
as much as possible. It's like they want
>> that to be a meme that's like embedded
in your head if you're ever thinking
about going public because there have
been deaths here and deaths there. And
there, you know what? There have there
have been some spooky [__] has happened,
>> but I don't know. It's like if that's if
that's all you're talking about over and
over and over again, I sometimes
question. I'm like, are you some sort of
operative or something?
>> Fearongering to drive clicks cuz Yeah.
Same thing. I've I've had weird.
>> And are you trying to deter the next
person from coming out because you're
you're talking about how spooky this
whole space is. Like
>> I don't know. It drives engagement.
People saying like, "Oh, you know, this
horrible thing could happen or this
scary thing happens." and say I you know
I personally I know you don't and I
don't I I'm not going to dwell in
it's it's it's useless. You're not going
to get any work done.
>> No, you're not.
>> Just talking about the dangers.
>> You can't be paranoid or whatever
>> because you know if you got on a podcast
or if I got on a podcast and just talked
about I'm investigating UFOs and it's so
dangerous. Like look at me go. I've been
threatened. Nobody really wants to hear
that. That's just
>> No. It's solopyistic the drama so nobody
gives a [__] Yeah. It's like,
>> do you want to get closer to the truth?
Like,
>> go for it. Do it, you know, or or not.
Like, choose another route or something.
But no, there's a lot of like uh, you
know, it's like all about me, you know,
and it's like, no, it's not.
>> Yeah. It's be about the content.
>> Yeah. This is way bigger than any of us.
It's the same thing as like, you know, I
I may be trying to put together a
framework of how I think legacy programs
work, but it's still far more
complicated than even I could possibly
imagine. And and I I understand the tip
of the iceberg of the subject. I don't
understand the physics. I don't
understand the experience or I don't
understand the the biologics. It's
anybody in this subject who also claims
to understand everything is probably is
is nonsensical
>> I think. So I think the best analogy is
it's a bunch of blind men touching
different parts of an elephant.
>> Yeah. And then it makes you think of
disclosure in this entirely different
context, which is like the government
clearly has a bunch of factions who like
know a decent amount about the subject
or have a lot of data on it and have
done some really cool scientific things
on on this topic and often have tried to
like weaponize the stuff to be honest.
But they don't have some like
foundational onlogical truth that they
even have the ability to give you. Like
>> the, you know, it's like
>> what if like some rogue vigilante team,
you know, that was interested in
electronics intelligence outside of the
government was like, "We're going to
create a little beep boop machine.
You're going to like match the tones in
your head. You're going to try to
connect." You know, like
>> that'd be cool.
>> But that's what I'm saying. It's like,
but that's, you know, stuff can happen
in any context. government or not, there
are things that there, you know, we
don't have particle accelerators that we
can just like build overnight like
outside of the government, but like
>> a lot of this stuff is way more like,
you know, you just go out and touch the
thing or get it, you know, more than you
think. It's not this like cabal who's
like controlling
>> Yeah. everything.
>> That's why I Chris Ramsay had a a very
poignant tweet recently. It it doesn't
apply to me because of course I I
operate in my own lane of legacy
programs. is just what I like where he
said, "I would I would rather talk to
like a farmer about UFOs than like um
you know, a former government person."
And I I I think that's so valuable. We
have what we have people like that that
are are focused more on the the human
aspect, the the experience aspect cuz
I'm I'm I'm a I'm a lost puppy when it
comes to
>> Well, so so some some of the most
credible I think witnesses are like you
find them there's like they have no like
digital footprint, you know, they're
living in the middle of nowhere. Like I
was in Norway and I, you know, talk
talking to this farmer and he like sees
a craft and it's hovering right around
his house and he's just like never gone
public. He doesn't he barely knows
English.
>> Like the most simple man you'll ever
meet and I'm like yeah I'm like
assigning extreme high confidence to
that. And then you know I think a lot of
on the government side you have a lot of
deception and lying and whatever but
then simultaneously to that like there
are a lot of people who just put a minus
sign like you see AJ from the Y files go
on Shawn Ryan or you see Chase Hughes or
whatever and it's like these people
aren't whistleblowers they're government
propaganda artists and it's like
>> it is just as lazy to wholesale
uh accept everything these people are
saying as it is to put a minus sign on
everything they're just cuz they had to
go through.
>> Just cuz they had to go through Dobster.
And because they from like a an American
like tactical, you know, geopolitical
advantage perspective like don't want to
like leak, you know, like war secrets to
like Russia, China,
>> or go to jail for espionage
>> or go to jail for espionage. Like just
because they're not Ed Snowden doesn't
mean they're not a whistleblower. Like
like you know, and then also like
>> what what about the meta question? So
you think they're running a scop, you
know, Chase Hughes or Sean Ryan, like
figure out why they're running the SC
like ask the like figure out what's
going on. I think the sila in Kuribdus
is like, you know, you accept every you
go, you know, poor Paul Paul Benowitz,
but like you accept everything, you
know,
>> or the other side, which is you you you
don't take anything seriously. You don't
take anything at face value. There has
to be some like middle path.
>> Yeah. I think it's it's such a tricky
field to navigate because there are self
agrandires, liars, people acting on
behalf of SCOPs everywhere and then uh
noble individuals who are just trying to
to speak truths like David Grush, like
Dylan Borland for example, who I think
is another one. So, it's it's just it's
such a complicated topic. I do I do have
um
>> I know I know people like Ross Goldart
have been a little pessimistic on on the
sub on the subject of disclosure
progression. I do have an optimistic
view there that we are heading towards a
a point of hopefully not like CIA
sponsored limited disclosure of of no
mention of derivative technologies but
like a a more complete picture of our
reality and what uh really interesting
RDT&E programs within our own US DoD and
IC have been doing for n 90 years. I I
hope I hope maybe, you know, this might
seem like a foolish dream, but I would
love one day to be able to write or help
write the textbook of the history of a
legacy of the legacy programs. That
would be awesome. That to me would be I
I could think of no more interesting. I
I would love to become a hermit up in
the mountains and spend two decades just
writing out the the history of legacy
programs.
>> Well, I can't think of anybody more
qualified. So, I think
>> may maybe one day. May maybe one day.
Far from it, though. I I have just as
much of a I I just have my own piece of
the puzzle. But we, you know, just just
promise that if they hit you up and say,
"Hey, you can be our official, you know,
historian that uh that is contingent
upon you being able to write stuff that
goes public." [laughter]
>> Yeah. I wouldn't want to be like
swallowed into the the programs.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Right. Just cuz that's kind of what I
what I stand against.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I hope I hope
that happens. And I I do think, you
know, even the people trying to manage
the thing or flood the zone or whatever,
often their plans end up backfiring
because you're just adding interest and
eyeballs and like young people are
getting more interested. And
>> that has its own momentum that's just
going to snowball. And like it's the
it's honestly like a classic like
intelligence failure is like you try to
pull off these triple bank shots and you
know they end up kind of backfiring.
[laughter]
>> Yeah. Perfect example there is uh Steven
Greenreet trying to uh trying to take
down David Gush essentially essentially
by saying he struggled with PTSD
multiple times after uh being in theater
and experiencing the horrors of war and
trying to say that he's not a credible
witness because he has suffered uh from
PTSD and that backfires and and that
that sort of stuff is
>> yeah does not work out very well.
>> It's so bad and like guys I think he was
like had a contract with the DOE or
something at some point or
Green Street has under the DoD,
>> I think, Department of State where he
said himself he was doing soft
propaganda videos for like uh uh foreign
nationals trying to get them like trying
to get them interested in in basically
US patriotism and nationalism.
>> So yeah, that's a little weird. And he's
constantly trying to provoke a reaction,
I think. You know, and on that note of
people attacking David Grush, you have a
guy, I think his name is Basic Chris on
Twitter, something like that. I forget
his actual name because I, you know, I
don't think he's worthy of a mention
here, but he he went [laughter] he went
he went off on uh David Grush. Well,
first I did an interview with Danny
Jones and I talked about PTSD that David
Grush suffered from
>> and I talked about a friend who was
like, you know, morted while he was uh
uh you know um in Afghanistan deployed.
this guy was pounding the pavement on
how David Gush how I, you know, I was
lying or making this up and that David
Grush just had a friend who had
committed suicide or something later and
that was the cause of his PTSD. And then
somebody finally interject I I never
engaged with this guy, but somebody
interjects and they go, um, you know,
hey man, actually this did happen. He
talked about two different friends and
he goes, oh sorry. And it's like, dude,
I mean, like, do you know how much pain
you're causing to somebody who's like,
you know, served our country? You think
that's cool? Like, that's that's so
whack.
>> It's the same people who said Randy
Anderson was a liar because he suffered
PTSD from his service in Jordan. And
once he got out of the armed services,
he, you know, he he turned to substances
to deal with the pain. Yeah. And he got
clean because he's a he's a strong man
and he he got his life back under him.
that because he struggled with addiction
issues, because of the horrific things
he's faced in life, that means his
testimony is untrue. It's the same
people who say, "Oh, Dylan Borland looks
nervous, so therefore he must be like
neurode divergent, and therefore he's
being tricked and prayed upon."
>> He who wouldn't be nervous saying what
he's saying. It's it's um No, I think
it's despicable. And I also I I want to
flip the frame because a lot of people
talk about grifters in the UFO space.
There are grifters. I think one we
talked about on the show, Steven Greer,
and and you know, he like will do C5
cruises and charge all sorts of money
for it and it's, you know, it's kind of
ridiculous.
>> I think those tickets were 9K for the C5
cruise.
>> To totally messed up praying on people's
credulousness, like not cool, right? But
the grifters, at least you understand
the free market incentives to grift.
You're like, "Oh, you're
sensationalizing to make money. you're
just as bad as, you know, any random
used car salesman or somebody with, you
know, some online course or whatever
where they're totally skimping you on
what they're giving you valuewise. Like,
I get what's going on there. What I
don't get is people like the two people
we mentioned earlier. There is no free
market incentive for them to hate as
much as they do on all the people coming
out. They're chronically online. It's
like they're these weird basement
dweller types and no one pays them. So,
who is you're not making money. Nobody's
even engaging with their content. So
like if you're why are you you feel like
it feels like you're operationalized?
Like who is actually paying you? Where
are the incentives? You show me the
incentive, I'll show you the action.
Either that or Yeah,
>> it it's that or they get a and probably
it could be both for all we know, but
also like a dopamine rush from giving a
a counter point to, you know, crap on
American Heroes. It
>> it's it's so weird. And like I you know
if if you're if you're I actually am pro
people being skeptical of you know if
like a testimony comes out you feel like
it's not corroborated great like you
know come at it. I actually think you
know the D Dean Johnson thing you know
if if given that he didn't know have the
knowledge of like the fact that you know
Malgrren had the CIA background was
actually like decently like rigorously
like written up although I think it's
like totally wrong on all the details
but like there are room for skeptics are
good like I've had MC West on my show I
think you know he's seems like
increasingly just like a bad actor with
the Beatric stuff but like I do want
skeptic like skeptics are good but like
be a good skeptic don't like Don't go
after the person's service when like
that's obviously like just real. The
service is real. Go after the testimony
and say like, you know, we think that's
kind of weak or something.
>> The counter points of their argument and
testimony and then and then let's and
then debate those.
>> Yes. Go from there.
>> Yeah. Don't go ad hom like if you're if
you're going ad hominemum to that extent
that consistently without any clear
incentive to like you're not getting
paid from a free market perspective and
you're spending all day doing this stuff
you have to like who who's actually
paying you like
>> yeah it's and you know worst case
they're just trolls who like sewing
discourse on social media and
infiltrating like UFO Twitter which
obviously there's a lot of different
personalities a lot of people pushing
different things and just going
obviously completely anti against the
grain and and crapping on people that
many people are are interested in their
testimony and and studying and like
[laughter] it's just it's a weird space.
>> It's definitely a weird space. Well,
>> yeah, we should uh focus on the
aspirational feature which is, you know,
hopefully we both get to take a ride in
the UFO at some point.
>> Yeah, please.
>> The the world gets disclosure and you
get to write the official uh UFO legacy
program history. Uh UAP GB, this is
always uh such a pleasure. I always
learn so much from you and uh please
everybody go subscribe to the channel
UAP Gerb any anything else you want to
kind of promote here?
>> Uh gosh I I don't know.
>> Whistleblowers your email. So anybody
wants
>> uh if if you have firsthand exposure to
UFO legacy programs, please email my
Proton Mail UAP group at
protonmmail.com.
Again, the the the goal isn't to get you
on on on camera uh or just blindly
feature your testimony, but let us talk.
Let me uh take your testimony. I mean, I
will fly to you in in in person if your
if your story is credible enough and
under goes a strict vetting process I've
done before. Take your testimony, record
it, and uh try to get it to the proper
folks. And and if if you've been met
with reprisals, record those as well to
try and get those to people who can
assess those reprisals. and uh hopefully
get that solved. It it's not a joking
thing. It's not a serious thing. This a
very serious thing. If you've had
firsthand exposure, please please
contact me there.
>> Absolutely. Subscribe to his channel,
too. It's like the most hardcore best
UFO channel online. Also, his Patreon.
>> Oh, yes, please. Yeah. Yeah. I I I don't
I don't I don't have the time to do like
exclusive Patreon stuff. Uh nor do I
want to gatekeep any of my stuff. So the
the the Patreon I I don't gatekeep the
any content. It's only to support the
channel if you you think it's it's worth
something. If you don't support uh on
Patreon, please go like and subscribe to
projects no matter what.
>> Threehour deep dives, you know, just
like like the fire hose of information.
So just, you know, that deserves in any
other context you'd have to pay for
that. And you know, you're nice enough
to just put it put it out. um because
this is a topic that I think it's it's
probably hard to kind of, you know, put
behind a payw wall, but um yeah, I I
think you you deserve as much uh
sponsorship as you can get.
>> Well, thank you, man.
>> So, yeah, man. All right.
>> Thank you so much, Jesse.
>> It's been a blast. Appreciate it, sir.
>> Absolutely. Over the last couple of
months, we've been designing the new
American Alchemy merch drop, and I'm
excited to say that the 2025 winter drop
is finally ready. We now have 30
uniquely designed pieces that really
reflect what American Alchemy is all
about. This drop includes epic t-shirts,
long sleeves, crew necks, hoodies,
tapered sweatpants, hats, totes, mugs,
and tumblers. The Fukushima Japan
pieces, for example, have detailed left
chest embroidery. The Morning of Earth
designs went through multiple revisions
to get the fit exactly right. And the
Iron Horse tea is something I think will
be a hit for anyone who loved the UFO
cowboy or our atomic age shirts from our
last drop. We cut a lot of things that
didn't meet our standards, and we're
really, really proud of each of these
items. Everything is pretty limited, so
there's no endless restocks. Once it's
gone, it's entirely gone. If you missed
anything from our original drops and you
want to go out and represent, now's the
time to go grab something. So, go to
americanalchemymerch.com
to check it all out.